About Us    London may be the oldest city on the planet, but it's buzzing nightlife ranging from cocktail bars, lounges and restaurants remind us that Mayfair is simply the place to be.One of London’s most exquisite boutique lounges latest to arrive on the scene, is 141 Park Lane Lounge Club which is filled with a beautiful cultural charm – not to mention the lively atmosphere, fine canapés and champagne dining and superb service.141 Park Lane Lounge Club is one of the most exclusive and impressive in the capital; frequented by elite clientele. With entertainment throughout the evening including some of the worlds most respected live singers and DJ’S amongst the Middle Eastern community.141 Park Lane Lounge Club, Mayfair in the heart of London celebrates the spirit of the Middle East.Decked out in a 1950’s vibe, 141 Park Lane Lounge Club is of divine mix of elegance and class. So whether you are looking for a VIP table booking or a cocktail at the bar, head down to 141 to be sure you will have an unforgettable night.
About Us    1920 is popular pool bar and restaurant situated in the trendy district of Clerkenwell, close to Farringdon and Barbican tube stations.1920 is a two floor venue with a spacious patio in the outside front area. The vibe is great, funny, intimate and bubbly at the same time. The pool tables are perfectly kept and the surrounding is covered with dark-red velvet sofas and tapestries.The two floors are equipped with their own bar and live DJs play at weekends in the spacious basement, where a small dance floor is also available.The cocktail list is quite impressive, with lots of 1920’s intriguingly named concoctions. The venue also has a good beer and wine selection and if you feel hungry the kitchen is open until late.1920 is a great place to have fun, chat with friends and enjoy a most amusing time in every kind of occasion!
About Us    214 Bermondsey is a Gin inspired cocktail bar and lounge located underneath Antico Restaurant in Southwark and only a few minutes walk away from London Bridge Station.Serving over 80 different varieties of Gin and making exceptional hand crafted cocktails makes the 214 Bermondsey a favourite for after work and late night drinks.
About Us    28 West is a beautiful speakeasy riverfront Bar, Grill and late night party venue situated in Canary Wharf and is a popular spot for lunch and after work drinks and late night parties an ideal setting for a round of drinks after a busy day at work in the city centre. With its relaxed dining area it’s also a fantastic spot to enjoy a chilled out meal with friends and family.Offering a modern twist on classic American grill fare you're guaranteed to leave with a full tummy and a happy heart. Whether you're a real meat fiend or if meat isn't up your street we promise nobody will leave unsatisfied.With craft beers from across the world and experimental cocktails crafted by our very own connoisseurs we've got a bit of something for everyone.
About Us    333 Mother is a well known and popular music venue, bar and nightclub in the heart of Shoreditch. Open 7 days a week 333 mother is home to various resident DJ's and live bands and special guests regularly take over the weekends.Music is the main concern for Mother, with regular DJ line up covering everything from the darkest drum and bass to crunchy beats and breaks.
About Us    37 Jewry is a luxury champagne and cocktail bar in the City of London. Named after its address in Aldgate, this extravagant venue dwells within London’s original city walls – steeped in history and delicate in design. Matching the grandiosity of its location, step inside and you’ll find plush leather seating and exorbitant chandeliers. It goes without saying, a night out at 37 Jewry will be a ravishingly ritzy affair- without the hefty price tag.
About Us    5CC at The Exmouth Arms is a secret speakeasy cocktail bar, house above a a traditional English pub in Islington. The bar serves both vintage and premium spirits, alongside a concise but perfected list of both classic and signature cocktails. Many of the vintage liquors are extremely rare and are sourced from private and specialist suppliers. For those who fancy a bite to eat, there is also a selection of fresh oysters served in singles or by the half dozen. 5CC at The Exmouth Arma is the sister site to 5CC in Shoreditch, which sits beneath Bethnal Green pub 'Well and Bucket'. Both sites deliver expertly made cocktails for the discerning cocktail lover, in a chilled and relaxed environment, away from the hustle and bustle of their respective areas, and to the soundtrack of sweet jazz music.
About Us    Step off the main street and you feel as if you’ve stepped into a New York establishment. Couples nuzzle in the dim privacy of the high-backed booths to your right, and groups of friends propped on bar stools laugh over exotic cocktails at the towering bar to your left. 64th & Social is sumptuous and comfortable, and you’d be forgiven for not noticing the black motif wallpaper and low-slung lights swinging gently from the ceiling, because it’s easy to forget that you’re not in the privacy of your own home. The staff are extremely warm and welcoming without being overly attentive.During the week, the music is a mish-mash of styles, you’ll hear Jack Johnson one night and jazz the next. Thursday nights we host the Bacardi Live Lounge with our house band blurting out all our favourite covers with a very strong following singing along. On Fridays and Saturdays the DJ turns up the energy with sets of soulful house music, Breaks, Funk and Nu-Disco classics... don't forget the odd bit of cheese
About Us    Located on Brick Lane not far from Shoreditch is a casual but cool bar, club and live gig venue called 93 Feet East. This large versatile venue consists of three main areas, the Main Hall with a stage which hosts a variety of Live & Club events.The Gallery Bar and the Pink Bar is cool and intimate space with raised DJ booth with bench style seating and also a fantastic outdoor courtyard in which you can enjoy cocktails and food in the sun.
About Us    The Abbey Bar & Restaurant is located in Tower Hill in the the heart if the City Of London, a few minutes walk from monument Station.Split over two floors this fantastic day and night party venue is the perfect spot for daytime lunch and drinks or after work drinks and late night parties.A tastefully decorated venue, with adequate amount of space and tables and booths, makes for a comfortable experience.The Abbey hosts weekly themed nights with live DJs and entertainment and is a great spot for those looking for a late night party in City.Daily Happy Hours and promotions are available alongside very reasonable celebration and VIP booth packages starting from as little as £50.Entry is free on Guestlist until 11pm otherwise a door charge may apply on busy themed nights.
About Us    Aces and Eights Bar in Tufnell Park is a super cool Rock & Roll dive bar that also serves freshly prepared pizza.From the outside don't be put off by the dark and moody exterior as the interior is cool and edgy with it's high black red velvet stools and the walls covered in cool artwork and posters, sitting in the corner you can't but help notice the brightly lit neon jukebox which has an amazing selection of songs from the past all the way to current hits.The Aces and Eights Bar boast an impressive whisky and bourbon collection and one look on the menu will confirm this.Entertainment can get very lively at Aces and Eights starting off with a pub quiz on Tuesdays, live music on Thursdays and rounding of the weekend with a Live DJ till 3am.Overall if you are looking for something different you can't go wrong with Aces and Eights Saloon Bar.
About Us    The Adventure Bar on Clapham High Street is one of the many London Adventure Bar venues. This is one of those Bars where you can be sure to have an amazing and a great night out!The party atmosphere, delicious cocktails and friendly staff are the key feature of the Adventure Bar. The décor recalls an American style pub with neon Hot Dog signs and exposed brickwork.The Adventure Bar situated on the busy Clapham High Street offers a variety of events such as: free cocktail making classes, ping pong tournaments creative group games and movie nights.During the week things are a bit calmer but booking is definitely recommended most nights.Resident DJ's will keep you and your friends dancing to the very best in commercial chart and party anthems.The Adventure Bar of Clapham High Street is the perfect venue for people who want an unpretentious and brilliant night, any day of the week!
About Us    Adventure Bar in Covent Garden is a laid back subterranean Cocktail Den which serves up great tasting cocktails and fresh beats and party mash ups!Open 7 days a week, with various drinks promotions plus a great weekly events line up, makes the adventure bar in Covent Garden a favourite spot for after work drinks and late night parties.
About Us    All Star Lane of Bayswater is one of the many bowling bar and restaurants franchising of All Star Lane.Unlike other All Star Lane this Bayswater venue is refined and with a clear retro style given by it’s ‘50s diner and bar. The vibe is high on fun and low on pretension but surely glamour!Dinner is highly recommended. The dishes recall an American style dinner and you will find a good selection of beers and a good selection of classical American cocktails. The food is served in stereotypical white and red environment, with walls covered with images of 1950s pin-ups and a black and white tiled floor.After dinner it is highly recommended to have a go at bowling lanes which are still shining new. At All Star Lane you have sure to have great fun with whom-ever you go: friends, family or colleagues!!!
About Us    All Star Lanes on Brick Lane is an American retro bar with bowling lanes that’s ideal for a night out when you're looking for something a little different. Drinking is great, but drinking and bowling is more fun and a nice way to socialise. Or to get competitive… As people learnt from The Dude in Big Lebowski, cocktails and bowling go hand in hand (with peeing on rugs).All Star Lanes in Shoreditch has a charming 1950’s style and playful vibe. They have plenty of comfortable booths for getting together with larger groups of friends (think the youngsters from That Seventies Show) or even for a family meet-up.The large venue is divided between a bar and lounge area, six bowling lanes, and a restaurant. There’s a private area with two bowling lanes, cocktail bar, karaoke facilities and exclusive canapé menu which can be booked for groups of 30-130 people. The two karaoke rooms are named “Country” and “Western” and accommodate groups for up to 14 people.The restaurant is a meatalicious affair, with a classic American diner flavour. Taking pride in using free range, sustainable, and UK sourced fish and meat where possible, there is an ethical twang suitable for its trendy east end location. Brunch is a winner and their milkshakes are way too thick for straws. Wines and spirits a plenty, but excelling in Bourbon, cocktails imported American lagers and ales.All Star Lanes in Brick Lane is a quirky and cool night out in London.
About Us    Cinnamon Kitchen is the new City outpost of Vivek Singh’s acclaimed Cinnamon Club restaurant. Tucked away in Devonshire Square, it’s also home to an equally smart cocktail bar, Anise.The room is airy and light and the crowd are on the 'grown up' side. A lot of care has gone into the cocktail menu and their drinks make use of unusual and inspired ingredients. (Their Spiced Martinis are particularly yummy).There’s also an excellent array of whiskeys and bourbons and their lassis are top notch if you fancy something non alcoholic. Bar food is as superb as you'd expect: Indian style nibbles including parathas, naan and kebabs. You can always adjourn to the restaurant proper if you fancy something more substantial.
About Us    Aquarium nightclub in London Shoreditch has been opened since 1995, when the areas was comparatively quiet area for Clubs and Bars and has been many prestigious events from renowned Club nights to Concerts, corporate parties, Video Shoots to Fashion Shows and much more with amazing variety of Funk, House and US Garage tunes.Club Aquarium has five rooms including a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi (towels provided); Wet and wild fun! There’s no other club in the UK that can make that claim! Club Aquarium has two dance floors and a chill out room, plus a VIP lounge for 500 capacities and has club nights on Thursday to Sunday. Sunday night’s popular Club Wet yourself is a seriously cool way to make the weekend last longer.Shoreditch and Hoxton are now real destinations for cool nightlife and Club Aquarium is going strong for its uniqueness.
About Us    Aquum, winner of Best New Bar 2010 at The London Club Awards prides itself on quality, making sure each individual enjoys their experience whether its dining in the restaurant or drinking in the VIP.Aquum is a cool 50,000 sq ft, holding a capacity of 450 split over three floors: a large main bar at the front opening up onto a terrace, a ‘basement’ bar on a lower level at the back and a ‘VIP’ mezzanine bar overlooking the main bar area. A giant window above the main bar allows for plenty of natural light during the day, whilst the chic white, minimal interior throughout and a state of the art lighting system can create any mood as soon as night falls.Designed to be a flexible space, every floor within Aquum is the same; you can eat, drink and dance on every level.
About Us    Archer Street is a welcome addition to the cocktail bar scene in South Soho. It is very much a Soho bar with two personalities! Approach along Archer Street to find an elegant, almost Hotel bar like lounge, with a gentle but sophisticated buzz upon entry. It has an exclusive, stylish feel to it but without the Members club policy or bravado.They serve deliciously well crafted cocktails but be prepared to splash the cash at this Soho bar.Descend the stairs to the basement bar to be greeted by very much a homely yet alpine lodge type feel. There are plenty of communal and private sofas to lounge, secluded alcoves to book yet a warm and sociable feel at the gorgeous bar.Archer Street hots up at the weekends down here where the DJs starts pumping some classics. Archer Street also has a late licence throughout December on Fridays and Saturdays; this means you can party harder and for longer.
About Us    The Azteca Lounge is situated on the Kings Road in Chelsea and is very popular with the locals for it's latin feel, good music, excellent colection of mouth watering cocktails, Mexican Beers. and typical mexican cuisine.Some may say Azteca is a tequila bar and they wouldn't be wrong as there's 110 bottles to choose from, if your not into tequila the Azteca bar tenders can knock you up an alternative  cocktail or two.Live bands and DJ's are often on the line up at the Azteca Lounge and you can expect it to get very lively and it’s definitely not shy of a bit of table top dancing.Overall the Azteca Latin lounge is great bar with an authentic Latin American feel.
About Us    Babble City is the new, desirable premium bar and nightclub nestled near Liverpool Street in the City.The venue, spread over three floors, boasts three unique rooms, The Crystal Bar, Crimson Club and The Boudoir! which share the same ethos; unrivalled cocktails, individual service, great food and the perfect place to party late into the night. The Happy Hour, birthday and celebration packages are some of  the best in London, so why not book one of our 3 private rooms, or the whole venue and make it a truly memorable night.
About Us    Bar Kick is a two floor bar, street level and basement, in the heart of Shoreditch, a stone throw from Shoreditch High Street's rail station.This unpretentious and retro style café and bar offers daily coffees, snacks, beers and drinks. During the day the atmospheres is quite, but wait for the night to come, and the floor will fill up with cheers and chattering.Bar Kick has not a particular designed or refined furniture but its vibe is friendly and cozy. Lots of football tables fills the place and tournaments are often held during the evenings. Bar Kick is the perfect bar for after work drinks or to have fun times with friends.
About Us    Welcome to London’s famous Bar RumbaHere you’ll experience Piccadilly’s secret, situated in a downstairs venue on Shaftesbury Avenue. Be part of a diverse and electrifying night club experience with an atmosphere, unlike any other.Bar Rumba is here for you whether you need a venue for a photo shoot, film shoot, showcase, fashion show, birthday, network event, or a club night.
About Us    Bar Salsa is a colorful Latin American Bar and Club located in Charing Cross Rd, seconds away from Soho Square and Leicester Square Tube station.Open 7 days per week it's UK'S No.1 Authentic Latin Music Venue. Bar Salsa has recently been refurbished giving to their two bars, restaurant and huge dance floor a fresh, colorful and Latin new look.At Bar Salsa you can enjoy a traditional south American meal together with drinks to start the evening while waiting for the real party to start. At 9 pm the music becomes louder and the dance floor fills up with all kind of dancer: from the advanced to the early beginners.Salsa, Bachata and Samba classes offered every night and a 50% off drinks offer is available every evening from 5 to 8pm.Bar Salsa is surely the place you want to go to spend an amazing and funny night out with your friends and crazy party with Latin-American sounds.
About Us    Bar Social is one of the best cocktail bars in South London, offering exquisite award winning cocktails in stylish and ambient surroundings. The bar is located on Lavender Hill in the heart of Clapham, within easy walking distance of both Clapham Common and Clapham Junction tube and train stations.Bar Social has an extensive range of cocktails, spirits, wines and draught beers, often considered the best in Clapham. These drinks are masterfully created by highly skilled, experienced and friendly bar staff and cocktail waiters. Bar Social has several balcony, lounge and basement rooms arranged over three floors which are free to hire for events such as birthday, christmas, engagement and leaving parties, making Bar Social perfect for small to medium private or corporate parties. You also get free balloons and a free bottle of champagne with each confirmed booking!As if this was not enough, Bar Social also runs several weekly activities and events, such as their well supported Poker Tournament. If you’re looking for a night out in Clapham at a cosy venue, with quality cocktails, really friendly bar staff and a completely unpretentious crowd then Bar Social is the place to be! It is probably the best bar in Clapham!
About Us    Bar Soho is a quirky DJ Bar and Nightclub in Soho the gay capital in London. Located a few minutes walk away from Leicester Square tube station in and amongst other popular bars in Soho on Old Compton Street in London.Split across two floors each with its own unique style and décor you will find a comfortable tables, booths or VIP areas to suit any group size or mood.The ground floor bar, eccentric and quirky in design boast character and life just like the the resident partygoers in Soho which makes it the perfect spot for drinking and chatting during the day.As the evening draws near this popular bar in Soho comes alive with live DJ's spinning the very best in commercial chart, rnb, party and disco anthems which will have you dancing and singing the night away.Upstairs you will find Bar Soho's Boudoir Room a private sultry, elegant and quirky space with its own private bar, comfortable tables and secret rooms perfect for those seeking a little more privacy and perfect for private functions.With regular DJ and party nights this is the perfect place in Soho for those celebrating birthdays, hen or stag parties or for those looking for quirky cocktails and great atmosphere.Take full advantage of the daily happy hour were you can enjoy more drinks for less.Part or Full venue hire is also available for large groups, parties and events.Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays get very busy at Bar Soho so getting on the guestlist or booking a table or area is highly recommended.Door charges apply but entry is FREE until 11pm if you're on the Guestlist.
About Us    Baranis is a stylish London bar situated at the basement Cigalon restaurant in the heart the City. Few minutes’ walk from Chancery Lane and Temple tube station, this peculiar cocktail bar is the perfect place to enjoy a good glass of wine and some fine food at anytime of the day.The idea behind Baranis is to recall the Southern France atmosphere. This is achieved mostly by the outstanding walk-in canteen that is focused mainly in Provencal and Corsican wines; and also by the selection of charcuterie and cheese and pastis.The staff are friendly and professional; the local is well designed comfortable and, even if with first class food and wine, totally un-pretentious.The Baranis is surely a recommended place to go to, especially if you are curious about authentic French tastes!!!
About Us    Barrio Central in Soho is a South American inspired cocktail bar, kitchen and basement club located in London’s Soho, minutes from Oxford Circus.A clash of Latin cities, cultures and quarters, with a warm and welcoming neighbourhood vibe, Barrio Central has a passion for good drinks, fresh cooking and great music.The weekly entertainment line up consists of live music on Tuesdays and DJ's on rotation every other night.Happy hours and special drinks promotions available every day, which makes this a spot to definitely check out.
About Us    Barrio East a South American inspired cocktail bar, cantina and club located in Shoreditch.Weekly features include Live entertainment and DJ's and happy hours and alongside a fantastic cocktail and food menu.Spread over 3 distinct areas with a capacity of 300 people Barrio has become the new popular hangout for after-work drinks, dinner dates, birthday get-togethers or partying into the early hours, Barrio East has the spot for you!
About Us    Barrio North provides welcome respite from the Essex Road, though truth be told it’s just as bustling on the inside, especially on weekends. As the name implies, there’s a strong Latin American influence in the décor with its colourful tiles. The most striking thing about the bar is the customised 1970s caravan sitting slap bang in the middle of the room for guests to sit in.Cocktails are exotic and original. We like the Girl from Ipanema, a kind of caipirinha spiked with fragrant vanilla. Food feels like a bit of an afterthought – standard salsa and nachos and little else. Not that the crowd of Islingtonites, mainly young professionals unwinding after work, seem to care that much. The atmosphere’s lively, the Latin American music’s cool and the drinks flow freely.
About Us    Bringing South America to South London the Barrio Bars are doing exactly that as they launch Barrio Brixton in March. Expect a lively weekly line up of events whilst enjoying some of Barrios signature cocktails and drinks.Barrio Brixton will adopt the colourful and quirky style and theme decor as the other venues in the family and promises to be a popular spot with local South Londoners.
About Us    Located on Sloane Avenue, Barts is a trendy bar where you will find retro styling and prohibition era music. Entry is gained by finding the door and ringing a bell. On the menu is a selection of Mediterranean light bites, British comfort food and a great choice of classic cocktails.
About Us    The Basing House is a welcome edition to East London’s thriving bar and club scene. Situated on Kingsland Road, in the very heart of Shoreditch, this 300 capacity late-licensed venue is the ideal setting for parties of a more clandestine nature. Each weekend features an array of curated events where you can look forward to hearing music supplied in it’s finest form by a number of renowned DJ’s, brands and record labels.With its exposed brickwork, intimate environment, devastating Funktion 1 sound system and a dedication to underground music, the Basing House has all the right ingredients for a big night out. In addition we also have a lovely little roof garden for those of you who wish to take a little break from the main room and grab some fresh air.
About Us    Beach Blanket Babylon, the famed West London institution has launched a sister venue, Beach Blanket Babylon Shoreditch.Utilising an old Victorian warehouse on the Bethnal Green Road, BBB encapsulates the bohemian decadence of Cool Britannia. The 800 capacity venue houses three elegant floors and is designed in strong sympathy with its warehouse roots yet boasts a quintessentially Boho Chic and Grand French Country Chateau habitat. Luxurious Art Deco style meets 60’s and 70’s opulence spills across the three floors, each with their own particular allure. The 3 floors include a 150 seated restaurant, a 300 capacity Cocktail Lounge, and a beautiful 1300sqft Gallery.Beach Blanket Babylon Shoreditch provides the perfect backdrop for a dining or drinking experience which is not just out of the ordinary, but extraordinary.
About Us    Beach Blanket Babylon or BBB as its affectionately known was established in 1990. It occupies a prominent position in an old Georgian Mansion on Ledbury Road in the heart of Her Majesty's Royal enclave; Notting Hill.Famous for its unique interior design blending Boho Chic, French Country Style Chateau the Baroque and Rococo the High Maximalist feel never fails to inspire the un-initiated and is known the world over as a by word for opulence and glamour.Whether having an intimate cocktail with friends or a Grand Banquet in the Ballroom fit for Kings & Queens, BBB epitomizes the very best of Cool Britannia in an environment of sheer unadulterated decadence.Opening Times:Monday - Sunday: 12pm - 12am.
About Us    Experience great quality cocktails and good vibes at the Beachcomber Tiki Bar and Lounge in Bayswater.  Let the bar staff  quench your thirst as they leave you spoilt for choice with the Hawaiian themed cocktail menu, whilst the DJ's keep you dancing to the freshest beats.Join us before 9pm and take part in our famous drinking games and get upto 70% off your bill.Open 6 days a week The Beachcomber is a great spot for after work food and drinks and late night parties.
About Us    Beduin, now with a 24-hour licence, is Smithfield’s latest late-night restuarant, bar and club, catering for those late-night party people, out for a good time.With a stylish décor, showing off the traditions of a Moroccan Souk, Beduin genuinely feels like no other bar in Farringdon, London.Step into a world filled with Moroccan promise and sophistication, when you enter Beduin.Arranged over three floors, Beduin has the power to transform a night out into something truly magical.Sink into sumptuous cushions artfully scattered on soft red sofas or share intimacies over circular silver tables lit with flickering candlelight.The three-floor bar features an over-hanging balcony, an intimate alcove section and a lively buzzing dance floor. Beduin also offer a varied assortment of food, from a light snack to a full platter, and a wide array of cocktails.
About Us    Belle & Co brings the golden age atmosphere to Euston! Situated in the basement of Shaker & Co in Hampstead Road, in this cocktail bar you will get a taste of what living in the Belle Époque was like.The vibrant and artistic atmosphere that filled Paris in the late 19th century lives again in this hidden bohemian drinking den. Original Victorian floorboards cover the entire area, with elaborate trimmings and authentic Parisian furniture!The cocktail list also recalls the Belle Époque and the venue offers every night live events such as: Monday Movie club (with free popcorn and drink offers), cocktail master classes and live theatre performance.Belle & Co is the perfect place if you want to feel a different atmosphere and enjoy a good chat with friends and colleagues, and surely it is a perfect place for a date.
About Us    The Big Chill is a chilled and laid back urban DJ Bar, eatery and music venue situated in the Truman Brewery just off the trendy Brick Lane in East London.  A good spot to eat, drink and enjoy live music, popular club nights and events.The Big Chill brings good people, good times and good music together.
About Us    11 Russell Gardens opens its doors to the latest in the wonderfully serene, yet outright funky blagclubs. This basement bar retains the delightful intimacy that blag-clubbers have come to enjoy, and is located in trendy Holland Park area. Located 5 minutes from Shepherds Bush tube station or 2 minutes from Olympia Tube.
About Us    Situated conveniently between Shoreditch and the City, Blueberry bar fuses cool with chic, revolutionizing the bar experience in East London. Smart and stylish, Blueberry prides itself in offering the very best in fresh food, entertainment and quality drinks.We are passionate about fresh, locally sourced, organic produce and our Tea bar is home to over 30 different types of organic tea – who knew a bar could be so healthy?Blueberry’s creative edge is illustrated throughout the venue – in the artwork, cocktails and entertainment. Inside, the embellished walls complement the vintage furnishings and funky lighting, creating an inspired quirky atmosphere.We rotate the artwork every few months, bringing something new and exciting to the fore.Don’t expect a plain old average cocktail here; we put a Blueberry twist on all the classics and our in-house mixologists have created a menu of irresistible concoctions.And of course we don’t compromise on sound quality, our Funktion One system is guaranteed to get your dancing shoes on in no time!Whether it’s Ping Pong on Tuesday, Brazilian night on Wednesday or poetry on Saturday, we promise a fun-filled night no matter what the occasion.
About Us    Boujis Nightclub is the playground for the elite partygoers' in London.Located in South Kensington this exclusive nightclub offers an unrivalled party experience with an impressive list of world famous DJs this popular nightclub attracts partygoers' and celebrities from all over the world.The guestlist is highly exclusive and entry is reserved for members and on certain nights a guestlist is available for non members but entry is at the discretion of the door staff.
About Us    Bounce Ping Pong restaurant and Dj bar in Holborn is the spot for foodies and table tennis lovers!Serving up delicious wood fired pizzas and British inspired cocktails, bounces combines the love of sport, food and drink and have created a wonderful and popular concept.Open 7 days a week, it is advisable to reserve a table for food or table tennis in advance especially during peak times.  (Mon-Sat: 6pm-Close)Large group bookings are welcome and private areas are available for exclusive hire.
About Us    Buddha Bar London is a restaurant and cocktail DJ bar located in Knightsbridge.The interior oozes with elegance and sophistication, with a hint of oriental influence this makes the Buddha Bar a popular spot for shoppers and locals to relax and unwind.
About Us    Bunga Bunga, an Englishman's Italian: Bar, Pizzeria and Karaoke has arrived in Battersea.Deriving its name from Italy’s most titillating joke, this tongue-in-cheek bar and pizzeria serves authentic cocktails and cuisine in a vibrant space dedicated to Italy’s finest icons, and houses an entire floor dedicated to the world’s most kitsch competition: The Eurovision Song Contest.Bunga Bunga's Euronvision Song Content room can be hired out for private parties and is a perfect spot for a fun filled night. This fantastic new London bar also boasts an Observatory that offers a fantastic setting for a special event.Fortunately not Berlusconi, but dynamic duo Duncan Stirling and Charlie Gilkes of famous Chelsea bars Barts and Maggies will be at the helm.
About Us    Cafe 1001 is a cafe, DJ bar and  event space located in the trendy Eastend of London which is Shoreditch just off Dray Walk, a private road off Brick Lane (in the Old Truman Brewery).Daytime atmosphere and vibe is chilled and relaxed with the cafe serving up delicious food and non alcoholic and alcoholic beverages.The evenings are are a lot more livelier and the cafe becomes a creative playground for both well-known and up & coming artists and DJ's showcasing their talents to locals, tourists and the trendy party crowd of Shoreditch.Open daily seven days a week with a different event each night it's advised to check out the line up before hand.A door charge may apply on certain nights depending on the event.
About Us    Café de Paris an exclusive Cabaret theatre and  nightclub located on Leicester Square in the heart of the Westend!With its dazzling decor and opulent event space of 715 people Café de Paris puts on one of London's best cabaret shows and nightclub nights.The weekend line up consists of a Cabaret show playing host to the very best performers of circus, burlesque, music, magic, cabaret and jazz acts, which is then followed up with an unforgettable nightclub party with world class DJ's.Cabaret and dinning reservations must be booked in advance by calling the venue direct. To gain entry to the nightclub tickets must be purchased in advance or a guestlist must be submitted prior to arrival and a door charge to be paid upon arrival.Café de Paris welcome group bookings and offer celebration packages for those who are looking to add some glamour to their night.Café de Paris never fails to provide guests with a night to remember.
About Us    A couple of minuted walk from Old Street is Callooh Calley a quirky cocktail bar in the trendy East End of London that is Shoreditch.With an eccentric cocktail menu to match the decor this is a great spot for those with an adventurous drinking palate.Open seven days a week the Callooh Callay Bar is a relaxed and chilled spot for after work drinking and chatting, and on the weekends discover the secret JubJub room and dance the night away to classic party tunes and party anthems.
About Us    Camino Bankside is a modern spanish tapas bar and restaurant located near the Tate Modern on Bankside south of the river.During the day the venue is lit with natural light and large outdoor area and impressive views of the City makes Camino a popular spot for lunch and afternoon drinks.Early evenings Camino transform into a dimly lit bar, popular for after work drinks and late night parties.Camino is open everyday for lunch, dinner and everything in between.Join us on weekends for our Bottomless Brunches, 3 courses and bottomless cava for £30 per person, or come by after work for our weekday Happy Hour.
About Us    Camino Blackfriars is an urban Mediterranean themed bar and restaurant situated in Blackfriars in the City. The perfect spot for lunch, dinner and after work drinks and late night parties.Blackfriars is also home to our beautiful Copa de Cava, a basement cava and wine bar, and a truly lovely place to spend an evening and the perfect space for private parties.
About Us    At Canvas it's all about cocktails and art!Located in the Heart of Shoreditch on Old Street is where you will find this quirky cocktail / Dj bar and art gallery. Serving up some of the tastiest Cocktails, pizza and art for your taste buds and eyes to feast on!Live DJ's get the party going on the weekends, and a line up of events showcasing local musical talents.Open 7 days a week, this is the perfect spot for after work drinks and late night partying!
About Us    Looking for late night gigs and and popular underground club nights then Cargo is the Spot for you! This amazing nightclub and bar boasts popular weekly events ranging from live music gigs to live DJ sets to cater for all music tastes. Enjoy tasty food and drink in Cargos popular outdoor terrace which makes this a great spot day or night!
About Us    Cartel Bar is a Mexican themed restaurant and late night tequila bar situated on Battersea Park Road in Battersea. Cartel serves fresh tacos, Mexican street food and a big range of mezcal and tequila infused cocktails.Cartel has live music nights and resident Dj's every Friday and Saturday.
About Us    Casa Blue is brand new refurbished Bar and dancing located in the east corner of Brick Lane, in Bethnal Green Road.The atmosphere at Casa Blue is relaxed but effervescent. A classic taste is given by the wood paneling, copper ceilings and red velvet booths. You can’t actually miss Casa Blue thanks to the bright blue neon that light up the Bar’s sign.At Casa Blue you can enjoy classic American and Italians cocktails served by the nice and welcoming staff. If you feel hungry a great selection of stone-baked sourdough pizzas is available.The beer selection is also every wide and ranges from European, English and Australians beers!Casa Blue is the place to go in Shoreditch if you want to enjoy a non pretentious night out chatting with friends and colleagues and enjoy excellent quality food and cocktails, without having to spend a fortune!
About Us    The Catch bar is lively Dj bar located at the base of Kingsland Street in Shoreditch.At Catch bar you will find a good Mexican street food menù and an always different cocktail list. At daytime the place is quiet and intimate, with lots of wooden tables a fully equipped bar and a pool table at the far end of the venue.At night the Catch changes; the pool is replaced by a dance floor area and live DJs spinning the latest pop and house sounds entertain a crowd of ever changing shakers and party lovers.If you are in the area the Catch is a place to pop-in to experience the atmosphere of the real eastern London party night.
About Us    The latest addition to Andaz Dining, Catch Champagne Bar & Lounge offers a refreshing new place to meet, relax or party the night away in the heart of the bustling city.Styled in a seamless blend of traditional and contemporary design, Andaz Liverpool Street hotel’s intimate new lounge bar lends itself as the perfect start or finish to an evening or simply a setting to relax and unwind. Indulge in an extensive list of over 70 Champagnes and specialty Bellinis, with a diverse menu of light bites, sharing platters and signature charcuterie boards served from the bar’s centrepiece vintage Berkel slicer.Conviviality is alive with the lounge’s Communal Table - ‘There are no strangers, just friends we’ve not yet met’ – which also welcomes small groups of up to 6 guests.Open from 7.30am, light refreshments are also available for daytime meetings.Let the night continue in the up tempo Catch Champagne Bar, a popular destination hotspot with the London city crowd. Complementing the new lounge bar, the stylish Champagne Bar buzzes throughout the night with Friday evenings welcoming our resident DJ to keep the tunes and Champagne flowing.
About Us    CellarDoor is an intimate cabaret bar housed in a former gents lavatory which was once reputedly the haunt of Wilde, Gielgud, Orton and Crisp. Tucked away outside the Lyceum in Covent Garden, the venue is entered via purple lit stairs in middle of the pavement. Cutting edge cabaret, burlesque and drag ensure CellarDoor’s ongoing popularity.
About Us    High end members club due to open in September on Berkeley Street in Mayfair.
About Us    In terms of in-bar entertainment, live music is usually the most you’ll expect, maybe some old movies flickering atmospherically on the wall or a spot of Jenga for the nostalgic. Circus takes things to the next level.This Covent Garden cabaret bar boasts a long central table capable of becoming a makeshift stage for burlesque dancers, hula hoop spinners, fire-eaters and other players on the ever-widening contemporary variety scene.Coming on like a cocktail bar version of La Clique, it’s a glamorous, shining white space that serves quality drinks and slightly over-priced, if tasty, American grub. Lively all week it gets particularly bouncy on weekends when the DJs turn up to get things moving. The bar’s novelty factor means that the crowd it attracts tend to be a pretty mixed bunch but this is in no way a bad thing.
About Us    Cirque le Soir an award winning circus themed night club located just off Carnaby Street on Ganton Street near Soho.Opened in 2009 and is one of the worlds most popular and successful night club attracting a string on celebrity guests which makes Cirque le soir A - List night club.Guests are treated to a thrilling assault on the senses from every angle, including dwarves, magicians, clowns, sword-swallowers, fire-eaters, burlesque angle grinders to snake charmers, contortionists and stilt walkers among a host of weird and wonderful entertainment.It is also famed for its international DJs, top mixologists and dazzling circus decor.So comb your lady’s beard, iron your coat tails, dust off the top hat and prepare for a night like no other...
About Us    Club 49 a popular Dj Bar and Night Club located on Greek Street in Soho.Split over two floors, upstairs is a stylish with comfortable seating and cocktail bar for those looking to drink and chat with a private area with its own bar that can be hired out for private parties.For those looking for a more of a party atmosphere then in the basement floor you will find the night club which hosts popular club nights throughout the week.Club 49 is the perfect party spot for those looking to experience great London night life at it's best.
About Us    Cocktail Baby is situated below the famous Joe's Southern Kitchen & Bar in the heart of Covent Garden, seconds away from both Leicester Square and Covent Garden tube station.Cocktail Baby offers an intimate space, carefully furnished with leather seats and sofas. It is the perfect place for social gatherings.The main attraction of the venue is with no doubt the incredible cocktail list and crafted bartenders that if requested will design the perfect cocktail for you!!! The music is a mixture between soulful and house and together with great drinks promotions will ensure you have a fabulous Happy Hour!!At Cocktail Baby it is all about enjoying a great time with great people.
About Us    Cocobananas is the Latino party in the heart of Chelsea! Located in Chelsea Bridge in Battersea, in Cocobananas you will experience a true Brazilian atmosphere.Every detail of the club and bar are design to evoke the colorful and vibrant Brazilian beaches: surfboards on the walls and ceiling, palm trees, bikinis and beach balls hanging from every corner.The Brazilian atmosphere at Cocobananas is not only due to its décor, but especially to its wonderful staff and to the capoeira and Latin American dancers that performs lively every night!Even if you weren’t out for a dancing night at Cocobananas you will surely find yourself going crazy on the dance floor by the end of the night, following great Latin music, Brazilian electronic and Latin House rhythms!Cocobananas offers a good selection of cocktails including the Brazil’s national drink Cachaca. And if you are hungry after or before the dance you can enjoy some traditional Brazilian street food or order a sharing platter.If you like party, Latino sounds and Brazilian atmosphere this is the place you want to go.
About Us    Nestled away in the basement beneath Camino Blackfriars is where you will discover Copa de Cava! a bodega-style cellar bar and London’s very first authentic cava bar serving Cava by the glass and bottle alongside an authentic Spanish tapas menu,With vaulted brick ceiling amid brick vaults the Copa de Cava is perfect for after work drinks and late night parties.Also available for private parties, special occasions, weddings and corporate events, with a late license and set up for DJs and live music. Copa de Cava is available for private hire up to 200 people, or part hire for smaller groups.
About Us    Slap bang in the middle of the city is where you will discover Core Bar, formerly the APT Bar.Located between Bank and Mansion House Station,Core is the perfect Drink, Dine or Dance venue. Core is an ultra cool bar-club attracting a stylish, sophisticated crowd, drawn to its cutting edge interior as much as its vibrant atmosphere.Make sure you have a proper butchers around the place and uncover our secrets (Though you won’t find any skeletons in our closet, just exciting cocktails, mouth-watering morsels and a killer soundtrack to drink, dine and dance to).
About Us    Corney and Barrow is a fine Bar few steps away from Monument tube station, in the Heat of the City of London.As usual in London Business center, Corney and Barrow is only opened during the week, but it offers an all day service: special breakfast, lunch, fine wine and dinners.The atmosphere at Corney and Barrow is elegant and refined, but, at the same time is very intimate and relaxed. The brick vault ceiling, wooden panels and seats, the creamy painted wall and the just-right lighted ambient will embrace you and make you forget about your busy day.You don’t have to have a particular reason to go to Corney and Barrow, it is just the place you want to be anytime of the day to live a perfect moment.
About Us    The Craft Cocktail Company, part bar and part factory, is one of the colorful and unusual venues of Bethnal Green.When entering this interesting place, you can’t help the feeling of being inside a sort of Willy Wonka factory! With tanks and distillers surrounding the place and factory style décor, this is surely a different experience to have in London.The Craft Cocktail Company is spacious and airy, provided with a big outside area where to enjoy a fun selection of freshly made cocktails. All cocktails are made with fresh fruits and natural ingredient to ensure you an amazing tasting experience! And, if you don’t believe, from the top floor you can check out yourself the production site!This is an amazing spot to experience good quality cocktails in a unique environment.
About Us    The Crazy Bear restaurant and cocktail bar located in the heart of Fitzrovia, is a spectacular and elegant venue.Every detail is extremely refined, red velvet staircase, black mirrored tables and crystal cocktail glasses. In the ground floor you can taste fine cuisine prepared by experienced Chefs from Thailand, Japan and China.The pluri-award winning Crazy Bear cocktail bar is located in the dimly lit basement. The atmosphere here is amazing and intimate. The cocktails are elegantly presented and served, but it is not just presentation….You will be amused by them!Crazy Bear Bar is the perfect place to go for a spectacular date, or too meet with friends and enjoy a fabulous cocktail!
About Us    Oskars at Dabbous, Goodge Street is a basement bar owned by Ollie Dabbous and Oskar Kinberg. Dabbous is a Michelin-star chef witih a growing reputation and Kinberg is an award-winning mixologist, so it is no wonder that the food and cocktails are of the highest quality.The decor of the venue is light, earthy and contemporary and is designed for casual fine dining in the upstairs restaurant. Step down into the Dabbous bar and you will be pleasantly surprised to find a speak easy style bar setting, exposed brickwork, warehouse style furniture, moody lights hanging above the bar, with plenty of space to sit, drink and dance to late night DJs.This is an intimate, classy setting for after work drinks, impressing a date or celebrating a special occasion.
About Us    Dingwalls is a live music venue, night club and event space in the heart of Camden in London.Showcasing bands such as Mumford and Sons, Foo Fighters and many others.With an impressive 500 people capacity the venue hosts popular club nights .
About Us    Dirty Harry's is London's new concept venue!Located at the top of Wardour Street featuring live bands and DJ’s every night of the week joined by our dance performances.Dirty Harry’s menu offers the best in craft cocktails, craft beers and international street food rotating every 3 months!Our live bands take to the stage and smashes out the best rock and roll, and indie tunes.The venue has a comfortable seating plan with a number of booths, high tables and chairs making it a comfortable spot.Open 7 days a week Dirty Harry's is the perfect laid back speakeasy dive bar for those looking for a fun and unpretentious watering hole in Soho.
About Us    Dirty Martini Bishopsgate located in the heart of the city, will be the third and largest of our venues, offering customers a fun, stylish and glamorous night out.Dirty Martini Bishopsgate offers a VIP section valid for up to 100 people, as well as a number of bookable tables and booths.Dirty Martini guests will enjoy generous happy hours and late opening hours.Our resident DJ's at the Dirty Martini will have you and your friends partying till the early hours of the morning, playing the very best in commercial chart / disco / RnB / Pop and party anthems.The Dirty Martini Bishopsgate has a capacity of 345 and can be hired our for private events.
About Us    Dirty Martini - the perfect mix of spirit and sophisticationWith a bespoke range of Martinis and signature cocktails, glamourous interiors and some of London’s best DJs, it’s the perfect destination for after-work indulgence, pre-club cocktails, sophisticated celebrations or a stylish late night party.Dirty Martini Covent Garden is right at the heart of London’s vibrant cocktail bar and nightlife scene. Tucked away in the Vaults beneath Tuttons restaurant in Covent Garden, make this Covent Garden bar one of the hottest cocktail bars in London.With Live DJ's and open till 3am on weekends the Dirty Martini Covent Garden is a popular party destination.Table bookings and party packages are available and for those something more spacious then part or full venue hire is also available.Take full advantage of our happy hour 4pm - 8pm daily were you can enjoy more drinks for less.Dirty Martini Covent Garden can get very busy so please reserve your space by getting on the guestlist or by booking a table in advance.
About Us    Dirty Martini on Hanover Sqaure is a stylish and comfortable cocktail bar which serves up delicious cocktails and drinks.Once inside your eyes are greeted with chandeliers, textured tiles, and a stunning bottle wall design, but it's the distinctively quirky layout which includes VIP booths, tables and areas all available to reserve or hire out for special occassions.This is a great spot for after work drinks and late night partying with resident DJ's spinning the very best in commercial club and chart anthems.If you’re planning a party or just fancy a cool spot to hang out, then this is defintely one to check out.
About Us    Dirty Martini Islington is due to open on Upper Street this Summer! You can expect fantastic tasting cocktails whilst surrounded by stylish but comfortable surroundings. Live Dj's will see you through the night playing the very best in commercial chart and party mash ups.With party packages and bespoke events Dirty Martini is already expected to be a popular spot.
About Us    Dirty Martini Minories is the latest addition to the popular cocktail bar chain which is situated in the minories, East London.Expect nothing less than sophisticated design, style and delicious bespoke cocktails which created the perfect party atmosphere for those looking for a good times in the City.
About Us    Dirty Martini Monument is a new cocktail bar and late night club which opened in October in the City a short distance from Monument Station.Serving freshly prepared signature Martini cocktails, sophisticated interiors and great DJ's makes the new Dirty Martini the party spot for after work drinks and fun.Open everyday Monday to Sunday and with live DJ's and late licence to 3am on the weekends.Available for private hire and large group bookings also.
About Us    Dirty Martini of St Paul's, is the latest addition to the famous and stylish Dirty Martini cocktail bars of London. Unlike the other homonymous venues Dirty Martini St Paul's is in ground floor level and has an upper floor called the Loft (private area). Located in the heart of the City, this is one of the few City’s venues opened even on Saturdays, and with long night opening to ensure you will get the most of your night!Dirty Martini’s venues are known for being sophisticated, stylish; with great live DJ’s playing every night and a bubbly and funny atmosphere.It is the perfect place to go for after work drinks, to chat with friends, to throw an amazing party or to bring a date!!!!Dirty Martini - the perfect mix of spirit and sophistication.
About Us    The Doodle Bar is a bar and events space in Battersea where people have the freedom to enjoy a good scribble, play a game of ping pong and enjoy some street food on our outside 'beach' area. The bar is set against the backdrop of TESTBED1 - a dramatic and versatile arts and events space for creative innovation, ideas and experimentation.
About Us    A club called Drama has just opened it's doors to Park Lane Mayfair's elite partygoers. A hedonistic and chaotic utopia awaits with a room decorated entirely in Gold and banana scented wallpaper flown in from New York amongst other features.Drama Park Lane will be open Thursdays to Sundays with Dj's playing and eclectic range of entertainment and music.Expect the loud • Expect the abnoxious • Expect DRAMA
About Us    Walk through Drink, Shop & Do's sweet shop and find our new dirty little secret in the form of Drink, Shop & Dance. Housed in the former steam room of the victorian bath house and now in place of its previous demise as a sex shop we bring you some serious cocktails, disco balls & peep holes for a fun night of partying!
About Us    Decadent and chic are just some of the words that best describe Dstrkt Lounge.From its fantastic cocktails, state of the art sound system and  revolutionary stage ideal for performing artists and dancers alike to the elegant and stylish finishing of the seating and bar areas, Dstrkt provides an enticing experience.For the most discerning clientele Dstrkt London created the world’s first V.I.P. lounge with a precious stone bar and a bespoke seating arrangement that caters to even the most exquisite of tastes.
About Us    The Earlham Street Clubhouse is an American beach club-inspired bar and restaurant, located in Earlham Street a small walk away from Coven Garden.When entering this venue you will be brought back to the American ‘90s! Walls are covered with authentic American wall papers and signs and guests can choose the music from the Clubhouse jukebox!Earlham Street Clubhouse is an un-pretentious bar where you can enjoy a good evening with friend while sipping some good beer and cocktails. It is a place to check out!!!
About Us    A stylish and contemporary bar in the heart of Belgravia, EatonSquare Bar & Kitchen serves up some of the best cocktails in the capital. You’ll also find a knock out wine list, great food, live music during the week, and DJs gracing the wheels of steel at the weekend.Available for private hire, whether it be a corporate event, a birthday party, a wedding, a meal, or just a massive get together with friends.
About Us    Eclipse South Kensington is a classy cocktail bar serving up delicious drinks, fine food and hosts a variety of acclaimed DJs for you to enjoy. It's famous 'eclipse' watermelon martini is to die for, alongside an arsenal of other indulgent cocktails to its name, you'll be spoilt for choice. But if cocktails aren't your thing then don't worry, the impressive wine list is never ending, so if it's a nice bottle of malbec you're after and a catch up with a dinner date or a friend, the chic layout of the upstairs bar is a perfect spot, then maybe a late night boogie? No problem, head downstairs to a club full of fun-loving party goers strutting their stuff and letting down their hair to the best of House music until the early hours of the morning. Either way, get yourself on the guest list as it gets busy and you should be treated like the VIP you know you are!
About Us    EGG in Kings Cross has proved itself to be a real contender, if not the leader, in London's underground clubbing scene. Embracing all musical genres the venue has grown to become one of the most popular clubs in the Capital.EGG London opened in a blaze of publicity in May 2003. As the brainchild of club supremo Laurence Malice, of TRADE fame, that same year EGG won the prestigious BEDA award for Best London Club, one of the industrys most coveted prizes and has since been nominated in the best venue categories for the Time Out Live Awards, the House Music Awards and came in the top 50 clubs in the world as voted by the DJs in DJ Magazine.The club itself has enticed literally hundreds of thousands of people into its throbbing vortex of sound, light, performance, visuals and of course people. Every Friday & Saturday night/Sunday morning, Pop stars mix with builders, city professionals with models, and doctors with actors. It is a place, which quite simply unites everyone.Opening Times:Friday: 10pm - 8am.Saturday: 10pm - 11am.Last admission Sunday 6am.Transport:Kings Cross rail/tube, Caledonian Road tube390, 274
About Us    El Camion Soho is a late night tequila bar in the heart of Soho.The Baja room at El Camion is a top London basement bar with a late license till 3am. On the ground floor you will find the El Camion Mexican restaurant but descend the stairs to find a lively and original Mexican styled bar packed full of tequila delights and ice cold beer.Cocktail legend Dick Bradsell runs the bar and has crafted a stonking list of happily affordable cocktails and the bar buzzes after dark with those in-the-know who have found this cool Soho bar.
About Us    El Cantara in Soho is a Spanish and Moroccan London bar located in Frith Street, next to the legendary jazz club- Ronnie’s Scott. The atmosphere is lively and relaxing. Menu includes beautiful selection of tasty tapas, excellent tagines and Soho’s best date and chocolate pudding. The Restaurant is split over three floors with Tapas Room; seating 40, beautiful Red Room; seating 20 and Arabic décor first floor encompassing covered and heated shisha rooftop terrace for up to 70.  They work on the minimum spend basis so there is no room hire fee.Their set menu is a 3 course meal served in Moorish dining style and comes at reasonable price of £26.95pp. They can also organise buffet and canapés for more casual partiesn and private hire for your events. Last but not the least comes the entertainment. To make your night really special they can arrange anything from exotic belly dancers, traditional flamenco performance to the real snake charmer!!! They have a plenty of experience in organising both corporate and private events. So if you planning to organise your special birthday party or corporate dinner they will be happy to hear from you.
About Us    The Electric Ballroom is a historic music venue at the heart of Camden town's bustling community & has been a key part of it since it's early days over 70 years ago.It began as a busy Irish club playing host to a wide variety of performers including the likes of Jim Reeves. In the past decades Sid Vicious, Madness, The Clash and the Smiths have drawn huge crowds to the venue. The most recent performers have included Hard-Fi, The Killers, The Raconteurs, AFI and Paul McCartney
About Us    Elementree Wine bar is a new and exciting restaurant, wine bar and club located in Cricklewood, London.Friday and Saturdays are becoming very popular at Elementree with a live DJ playing the best house and commercial chart music.
About Us    Embargo Republica, or formerly known as Embargo 59 is the new Latin inspired club in Chelsea.Smoother than a Latin lover, hotter than a chilli pepper... With a complete refurbishment, the Kings Road can expect a larger, more luxurious bar and club with an atmosphere more electric than you could ever imagine.Like the Cubans say ‘La emoción es la clave de la vida’ meaning ‘Excitement is the key to life’.
About Us    Encore Richmond is a modern and contemporary cocktail bar with a relaxed atmosphere perfect for early evening drinks and late night parties.
About Us    Evans and Peel Detective Agency is a 1920’s style cocktail bar and restaurant situated few steps from Earl’s Court Rd, a few minutes’ walk from Earl’s Court tube station.Once you have entered the doorstep the 1920’s retro atmosphere will bring you straight back to those days. Everything, from the small office entrance to the main floor filled with old lampshades and books, with brick walls and furniture dedicated to probation chic aesthetic wil make you feel part of a 1920’s noir novel.The food and drinks served are created to recall 1920’s as well as the retro music and the waiters’ dresses. A night at Evans and Peel Detective Agency is surely an experience to try!!! But beware,  booking is highly suggested if you don’t want to risk it!!!!!!
About Us    Fabric continues to boast the most sensational line-ups in the capital. Its global reputation is founded on diversity and willingness to showcase new talent alongside its brilliant residents, planning its nights around great music, rather than flying in superstar DJs.Feel the bass bleed through the speakers buried in the floor and recline in style on the famous bed seats at one of their top regular nights.FabricLive on Fridays is regularly rammed and draws some of the biggest names in breakbeat, drum'n' bass and electro. Saturdays are a more glamorous, house-orientated affair with the cream of the world's DJ talent, while Sundays offer spectacularly fashionable gay nights. Because its such a famous brand, Fabric gets horribly crowded sometimes, but the best acts usually don't come on until 3am, when the tourists have gone and the hardcore clubbers have space to party.
About Us    Faces is the most talked about club outside of the West End boasting a VIP guest list from the world of TV, fashion and sport.Established in 1993, our reputation goes very much before us.Membership is essential to guarantee entry, but once you are in your spoilt for choice with 6 bars, 2 rooms of music, VIP tables and the latest technology, in a setting of style and splendour that will keep you coming back for more.Party with all the right Faces!
About Us    Far Rockaway is an American bar & restaurant inspired by street art & culture, serving NY style food in Shoreditch.Far Rockaway is uniquely themed with street smart art, with stunning hand painted totem poles, murals, and sculptures. Far Rockaways art isn't just for the walls either as the ceilings are covered with hundreds of skateboard decks plus and extensive comic book library.Far Rockaway is totally on-trend with its food and drink offerings. Cocktails on draught, usually only found at exclusive members’ clubs, means swift service of high-end beverages.Friday nights groove to soul and funk, while Saturday nights will rock to a Shoreditch bloc-party vibe. Sundays are for kicking back with a “reggae roast” flavour, while Thursday nights provide entertainment from bingo, to art salons and quizzes.Far Rockaway’s owner is a New York native who spent his childhood growing up in the district, adding a final layer of authenticity to the project.All in all, it’s far more than just a night out drinking.Ultimately Far Rockaway will provide a unique social experience to satisfy the most demanding of visitors.
About Us    Fez Club in Putney, a vibrant, fun loving party atmosphere and unique underground Moroccan themed club attracting the elite SW15 party crowd.Fez is open 3 days a week, with regular club nights, DJ's and special drinks promotions is what makes Fez a popular spot with the locals.VIP and birthday celebration packages are available for those looking to add a touch of glamour to their night.Advanced table bookings and guestlists are advised especially on weekends as the queues can get very long and busy.
About Us    Fifty-Five Bar is a gem in the heart of Camden. A high end cocktail bar set to a killer soundtrack to ensure the party is always in full swing.Set over two floors, with a non-pretentious, friendly environment and a buzzing atmosphere, we are one of Camdens coolest and most popular venues.We are a hit for birthday parties at weekends and a great midweek-drinking destination. Add in our Legendary Happy Hour, our Famous Sunday Sessions and the original Mojito Madness and your night will always get started the right wayTransport:Camden Town tubeC2, 274, 24, N5
About Us    Fifty9 Bar is a restaurant, lounge bar and nightclub situated on Berkeley Square Mayfair a couple of minutes walk from Green Park tube station.Split over two floors you can enjoy good food, great cocktails and wines throughout the day in the restaurant bar and as the evening draws near then you wont have to go too far to look for something a little more lively. Discretely located downstairs you will discover Fifty9 bar's uber stylish, cool and sophisticated nightclub, the perfect spot for late night drinking and partying.With VIP booths and Live DJ's spinning the very best club and party anthems until the early hours of the morning, easily makes Fifty9 Bar the new hot spot in Mayfair.
About Us    South London's leading nightclub featuring world class DJ's spinning the very best in cutting edge house, techno, bass, dubstep and more.Within walking distance from Vauxhall tube station Fire hosts a24-hour licence.The club spans across ten archways and the space is divided into three clubs,  Fire, Protocol and The Lightbox – each with its own entranceway, and designed to be linked and open as one venue or split up separately, depending on the night.
About Us    Floridita Live brings live soul, funk, Latin and jazz to the Soho stage. Showcasing at least two great acts every evening Floridita is the perfect place to enjoy live music and a delicious Latin- American inspired menu.Nestled within the heart of the bustling West End, Floridita London emulates the 1930s style of the legendary El Floridita, creating the perfect blend of glamour and decadence from a by-gone era.
About Us    Floripa London is a melting pot of Brazilian beach bar, London bloc party club and a remix of Brazilian cuisine and London's incredible music scene. Named after the party island off the coast of Brazil, Floripa is a Shoreditch bar and club with a hedonistic bohemian cultural fusion, with arms wide open ready to greet the party people of London.Hosting live bands, DJs and legendary parties that put all else to shame in London, this is one world party you want to be at.
About Us    Forge Bar formerly known as Abacus Bar has undergone a makeover and has been fitted out with a new look and has taken the City bar and club scene by storm.The Forge Bar has a fantastic new restaurant serving up grilled steaks and other tasty treats to satisfy any appetite. The new look bar serves up creative and fresh cocktails which will in no doubt keep all the cocktail lovers happy.The venue also has an impressive club which is a great spot for after work drinks and late night partying. VIP booths and areas can be reserved and reasonable priced party packages are available for those who are looking to have a big night out.
About Us    You have found Foundation Bar. The hottest cocktail bar, club and dining experience in Covent Garden. If you don't do stuffy decor, badly made cocktails, rude staff or chart music then Foundation is the bar for you.We offer an eclectic decor (seriously you'll discover something new on every visit), extensive cocktail list, a tasty food menu and the freshest beats.
About Us    Fu Manchu is a restaurant, bar and nightclub situated in Clapham North, South London.The Fu Manchu is open till late night and with an exciting food, drinks menu and popular weekly events line up makes this an exciting spot for late night parties.
About Us    G-A-Y is London’s (and some say Europe’s) largest gay and lesbian party. Located in central London, UK, G-A-Y has an enviable reputation of offering outstanding Saturday night PA’s from artists normally associated with Arena and Stadium performances.Artists such as the Madonna, Spice Girls, Mariah Carey , Christina Aguilera & Bjork have exclusively graced the G-A-Y stage – making it the only club Worldwide to offer the biggest names in pop – gay or straight. In addition regular guests include Kylie Minogue, Westlife, Lady Gaga, Girls Aloud and the Sugababes
About Us    The first bar from the dudes who run Gaucho is not all about cow hide print and massive steaks, instead, Galante is a super shiny cocktail bar with fancy crystal chandeliers and white leather banquettes. Argentine barmen in bow-ties and white jackets serve exquisite cocktails in vintage glassware – it’s all very sexy. The bar pays homage to 1930's bartending legend Santiago Polecastro, dubbed 'El Barman Galante', Santiago was the don of South America, and many of his cocktails have become classics.With a sultry design that would put plenty of five-star hotel bars to shame, Galante is a swish new destination for quality cocktails on Sloane Avenue.
About Us    Situated in Soho just off Regent Street nearer the Piccadilly Circus end you will find Gem a popular bar and nightclub for after work drinks and late night parties.Split into two floors, upstairs is more of a bar for relaxed drinking and chatting, whereas downstairs is more of a nightclub with live Dj's, VIP booths and a dance floor.The Gem Bar has had a hipster makeover and has been given a  cool graffiti art decor, giving it a Shoreditch type look and feel. For those looking for a little bit more entertainment, you wont be disappointed as the Gem Bar has also has beer pong and fuse ball tables for you and your friends to enjoy.Evenings and weekends get really busy so getting on a guestlist or reserving a table or booth in advance is highly advised.Entry is free during the day but a door charge applies in the evenings, but free on guestlist until 11pm.
About Us    Gigalum is now firmly established as one of the top DJ bars in South London. The Ibiza-style terrace is a little oasis in the heart of Clapham South, perfect for an early evening drink with friends or a romantic dinner for two. But come the weekend with the likes of Freestylers and Utah Saints on the decks the place is transformed, with the arms-in-the-air atmosphere of a rocking house party! Gigalum is a bar Clapham is proud of, and the DJs queue up to play at.The beer garden is covered with awnings, parasols and heaters, so whatever the weather you can sip cocktails al fresco in the shade of the huge palm tree. Our menu offers diverse choice for the more formal diner, or a selection of delicious tapas to accompany drinks on those long, lazy evenings. An eclectic music style complements the chilled daytime atmosphere, while the uplifting house music of the weekend nights has people travelling from far and wide..At Gigalum you will experience top restaurant quality food at pub prices. Our buffet, brunch, Sunday roast, and a la carte menus can be viewed here and of course we take reservations and welcome walk in customers.Host your next party or corporate event at Gigalum. Just fill in our booking form with the date of your event and contact information. We can help you plan the menu and make it an event to remember.Transport:Clapham South tube355, 50, 690, N155
About Us    Golden Bee bar in London opened in June 2012 to reveal a stunning new late-night cocktail bar and roof terrace. Located on Old Street amongst the buzz of Shoreditch, you can enjoy rooftop drinks on a stylish terrace with views over East London. The cocktail list is playful and delicate with choices such as Nutella Martini, Passion fruit Mojito, Strawberry Collins, Pomegranate Cosmo, etc! With covered and open-air spaces, this is a perfect rooftop bar for unpredictable London summers where you can toast alfresco drinks with a view over the heaving streets of Shoreditch.This open-air bar have comfy sofas and tables, perfect for hosting your event or special occasion as well as two 60 inch screens ideal for watching sporting events.The inside at the Golden Bee bar and club has a lavish decor sporting the perfect mix of luxury and comfort. If you like gold, turquoise and velvet curtains then this new bar in Shoreditch is made for you!Thursday, Friday & Saturday things go up a level with DJs playing up beat House and requests so that the excited crowd can have a dance till 3am.
About Us    The Grand Connaught Rooms is one of the most superior and innovative conference, meeting and banqueting rooms in Central London.Elle Style Awards, Britain's Got Talent, Ralph Lauren are just a few of the big names that have walked through the Grand Connaught Room door recently.Opulent, stylish, sophisticated, glamorous, if you're looking for a party venue in London that stands out from the crowd and will impress you're A list guests - you've just found it.
About Us    London's largest beer garden; four stunning tree housesGrand Union Brixton is a unique pub, with one of London' largest beer gardens - seating 300. The highlight of the site are the four stunning tree houses which can be privately hired for groups up to 16 people.Based on the Brixton & Clapham border, the area is synonymous for great independently owned pubs and late night venues.The pub is designed over two floors and can accommodate 600 people - perfect for big celebrations with groups of friends. Styled in vintage flock wallpaper, with ornaments and lights from the sixties, Grand Union Brixton is the place to party until the early hours.
About Us    Set among the tree-lined streets and Georgian terraces of Camberwell Grove, the pub has long held a particular attraction for those in the arts and creative fields; from literary giant John Ruskin in the nineteenth century (after whom nearby Ruskin Park is named), to more recent residents such as Kenneth Branagh and Emma Thompson, who have lived next to the pub itself.Nearby, Camberwell College of Arts has nurtured some of BritArt' biggest stars, including Tracey Emin and Damien Hirst, whilst the King' College Hospital just round the corner has been used to teach doctors and treat patients since 1913.
About Us    After an extensive refurbishment, Grand Union's original site in Camden now features four quirky indoor treehouses which are available to hire for groups.The venue is suitable for all manner of occasions, from work lunches through to weekend cocktail parties with friends.With a late licence and DJs on Friday & Saturday nights and an awesome diner food menu for lunch and dinner, Grand Union Camden really is the ultimate venue to hold your next event.
About Us    Grand Union Farringdon is situated in the heart of Smithfield Market. Featuring two floors of decadent paintings, mirrors and antique furniture, the venue has a late licence on Thursday, Friday & Saturday nights.The highlight of the site is the four vaulted 'pleasure rooms' which can be hired out for groups up to twenty people.*Please note, Children are not allowed into this venue at any point
About Us    Grand Union Islington is situated amongst the hustle and bustle of Upper Street. The listed building has all the typical Grand Union traits; high ceilings, glorious original bar and floral wallpaper which creates a sophisticated ambiance to cater for the discerning N1 crowd. The space has an intimate appeal yet has a capacity for over 200 people.The extended licence on Thursdays, Fridays Saturdays allows late night revellers to stay up until the early hours, dancing to an eclectic mix of music which changes from night to night.
About Us    Grand Union Paddington is in the heart of the regenerated Paddington basin area.  With a capacity of 400 people, Grand Union Paddington is an ideal destination venue for work drinks or informal gatherings.There is a large focus on food, with an open kitchen and unique seating area overlooking the drama of the food preparation.Nearest tube: Edgware Road 2 mins walk
About Us    Situated in the heart of Wandsworth Town right on the High Street, GU Wandsworth is a hidden gem of South West London. The highlight of the site is the large beer garden with outside bar and three Thai treehouses; the perfect place to spend the warmer months.During the week, we serve our famous gourmet burgers and handmade pizzas for lunch and dinner. As the sun goes down at the weekend, take advantage of GU DJs and late licence whilst sampling your favourite classic cocktails from our extensive drinks menu.Inside the site, floral wallpaper adorns the walls and vintage furniture fills bar area. The private Snug can be hired for up to 60 people; with a separate bar and fully fitted audiovisual equipment. The area is ideal for any private-hire event.East Putney tube: 5 mins walkWandsworth Town Rail: 5 mins walk
About Us    Graphic bar is a fresh and stylish Soho bar located in the beautiful media hub of Golden Square - we are only 2 minutes walk from Piccadilly Circus, Carnaby Street and Regent Street. Graphic regularly showcases well known urban artists and we are currently hosting Eine's infamous 'shutters'.With one of the most extensive gin collections in the UK, Graphic is the destination of choice for the perfect G&T, Dry Martini or delicious gin-based cocktail punches served in our customised paint tins. We also offer a delectable mix of food including delicious tapas and some wonderful main courses perfect for lunch or dinner.Graphic is a great place to meet with friends or colleagues for lunch or after work and our eclectic, lively atmosphere provides a unique location within the London bar scene ideal for private hire or large group bookings.
About Us    At Gremio de Brixton we serve only the highest quality, most authentic spanish products. We have an intimate candlelit restaurant for dining and an extensive bar and lounge area with late DJs for those who would just like a drink. Come down and try a taste of Spain in the heart of Brixton.
About Us    Guanabara is a spacious Brazilian style restaurant, bar, nightclub and event venue that offers a compact menu of authentic dishes and great tasting cocktails whilst hosting a range of entertainment including dance lessons, DJs and live music.
About Us    Hidden is one of London's truly undercover venues - serving an incredible three-roomed clubbing experience set in a classic railway arch.State-of-the-art sound and lighting led by the powerful Nova Line Array system meet star-lit mezzanines and labyrinthine passageways alongside an impressive six bars. The venue emits a stellar quality and boasts one of the largest outdoor areas of its kind, fully equipped with a licensed bar and well-heated seating area to enjoy the night air all year round.Hidden’s deep, dark vibe, bone shaking systems and 24 hour license give the venue a distinct warehouse touch, combined with the infrastructure of a professional nightclub, making the space the perfect base for a wealth of underground electronic events.Hidden is located in the Tinworth Street Railway Arch and the entrance can be found just ahead of this classic London archway.Tinworth St is less than 5 minutes walk from Vauxhall station along the river. Walk along the Albert Embankment towards the London Eye and take the first right after the petrol station. You’ve found Hidden.
About Us    Hoxton Pony is an achingly cool late night bar in the heart of Shoreditch, famous for it's incredible cocktails and fantastic service. Expect to mingle with artists, authors, fash-trash and the occasional pop star.
About Us    The Hydeout Watford is a muti-functional nightclub and event space located on the Parade Watford. Split into three distinctively themed areas (Ski Lodge, Brooklyn and The Main Stage) The Hydeout Nightclub will host various events and student club nights and also be available for private hire events, parties or corporate VIP nights out.
About Us    Experience the ExtremeStep into an environment where the walls, bar, tables and even your own personal glass is made of the purest ice. ICEBAR BY ICEHOTEL London is the UK's only permanent bar made of ice and is kept at - 5°C all year round.Everything inside is made out of crystal clear ice harvested especially from the frozen Torne River in Jukkasjärvi, Northern Sweden.ICEBAR BY ICEHOTEL London is operated in 40 minute time slots and you will be given a designer thermal cape with a hood and gloves to keep you warm during your visit.Once a year the entire bar is completely transformed with a new design theme and layout by a team of skilled ice designers and sculptors, using new ice from the Torne River in northern Sweden, a source which has long been highly regarded for its unique purity. With each new design, the designers build on the tradition of ground breaking innovation and style for which ICEBAR BY ICEHOTEL London has become famous.
About Us    The Indigo at the 02 is a multi-functional theatre style events venue and nightclub situated in the award winning 02 arena in Greenwich London.Indigo 02 is the perfect venue for big club nights. live gigs events and has the capacity to hold up to 2800 people.It has hosted big events in the past such as the NME awards and is a popular venue and home to some of London's biggest and most popular clubbing nights such as Hed Kandi and Kiss FM.The Indigo 02 has a stylish VIP bar and comfortable seating areas and dance floor which makes it the perfect venue for a comfortable and enjoyable clubbing experience.
About Us    Two main dance floors playing the cheesiest music you can imagine, it’s a big club so even on busy nights you won’t be too sardined in. There’s an original 70s dance floor and a chill out area with huge tropical fishtanks – think a mini Las Vegas and you’re almost there.Infernos also has a separate Flame Bar, which is a private room that is great for escaping the madness of the main areas and is available to book if you have a special event you’d like to celebrate in all its cheesy glory.
About Us    Hyde nightclub situated on the Kensington High Street is a stylish and sophisticated bar and night club venue which offers the perfect blend of cocktail lounge, contemporary restaurant and come the weekend with the mood transforms making it the perfect night spot for late night drinks and parties.
About Us    Jazz Café Camden is an iconic music venue, bar, restaurant and club located in the fashionable Camden Town.Hosting various weekly live music events and club nights ranging from jazz, soul, world, funk, hip hop and dance.
About Us    The Jerusalem Bar & Kitchen is located in the West End, just a couple of minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road Station.The exposed brickwork interior and low lighting creates a welcoming ambience. The secret garden is a great spot for those who fancy enjoying a beer or two in the summer.Live DJs + happy hour from 4-8pm make this a great spot for after work drinks.Food is available and is perfect for those who are looking for a light lunch or snacks and can also cater for those wanting to satisfy their dinner time appetite.The Jerusalem Bar can get very busy and advanced bookings are highly recommended,
About Us    A multi award winning bar, JuJu has just been named "Best Bar" at the London Club and Bar Awards 2011 and has previously been awarded "Outstanding Mixology and Best New Bar". Located in the heart of Chelsea on the King's Road, we serve the finest cocktails mixed by some of London's best bartenders
About Us    The bar area of Kanaloa consists of a long black bamboo bar front, surrounded by carved wooden pillars and attractively lit with lampshades made from exotic shells. Moving through the venue, the lounge is the most traditionally tiki styled area, with crazy paving stone floor and rattan screens providing discreet alcoves placed at intervals throughout.Those who want to hit the dance floor to the eclectic music played by Kanaloa’s resident DJs Tommy Crane and Chris Anderson can head to the club area, featuring large elevated booths looking out over revellers and a colour changing ceiling to reflect every mood.Towards the rear of Kanaloa is the Treetops, a rainforest styled retreat with giant palm trees, tropical leaf patterned walls, and rustic wooden planking. Guests can hide away in the branches at the top or sit in the shade of the palms on the beach underneath.
About Us    At Club Karma Ealing,We offer three great bars, an exciting new mezzanine level and a glorious Moroccan themed VIP dance room.The world’s finest DJs and Live talent provide the soundtrack to your weekend through a state of the art sound system for your aural pleasure. Club Karma offers a wide range of music from Hip Hop, Funky House, R&B, Soul, Techno, Garage, Party Anthems, Commercial Dance, House, Tech-House, Electro and Old Skool.
About Us    The Roof Gardens Private Members Club is as glamorous as it comes! Set amidst 1.5 acres of stunning rooftop gardens 100 feet above Kensington high-street, there’s no better place to celebratethe weekend.Open Friday and Saturday nights between 10pm and 2am, the dress code is simply "no effort, no entry" so get glammed up and leave the trainers at home.To really make a night of it book your very own VIP table where you'll receive table service and have somewhere to relax when you have finished on the dance floor!
About Us    KOKO London is an over 18's music  venue and dance club located in the heart of Camden Town.Weekly line ups include intimate gigs to 1,500 capacity headline rock concerts; from stylish cabaret evenings to thumping club nights.KOKO's new rooftop bar has opened so come down and enjoy the view and drinks in the Camden sunshine.Online tickets can be purchased directly from the venues website.
About Us    Welcome to Kona Kai Bar, a Polynesian inspired port of pleasure that transports you to the shores of the South Seas.Located on the Fulham / Chelsea border, Kona Kai is less than 2 minutes walk away from Fulham Broadway station. With its Tiki decor, exotic fresh fruit cocktails, sunshine party tunes and its friendly and fun atmosphere, Kona Kai offers guests not simply a bar, but complete escapism from the stresses and strains of everyday life.If you are looking for an exotic holiday party vibe, plenty of yummy Cocktails and delicious food served in a laid back and fun-filled atmosphere, then Kona Kai bar is your ultimate destination.
About Us    Firmly located in the infamous spot ‘Chelsea Beach’, Kosmopol is a cool and stylish lounge style boutique with a successful 9 years of glamorous and exciting times. The Swedish venue offers an array of spectacular cocktails at a more than affordable price. Kosmopol doesn’t aim to leave your pocket empty but your thirst quenched, refreshed and pleased – all of the drinks are served up by award-winning mixologists, with years of experience and who are courteous, friendly and highly attentive.With two bars and a capacity of 70 downstairs and 50 upstairs, the venue is the perfect spot to accommodate private parties, birthdays, corporate functions or even after work drinks. DJs rock the soul of the stylish space from Thursday through Saturday. At Kosomopol you can enjoy amazing cocktails, receive a warm welcome from the friendly staff and feel the Swedish Vibe with plenty of Scandinavian people visiting daily. All of this combined with the late license of 2am, results in you getting a real sense that if you went elsewhere you would be missing out.
About Us    La Maison is spread across two floors; you enter at street level to discover a 1920’s champagne bar with small tables and a vintage trolley.Downstairs guests descend down to the basement to a geometrical window, which marks the entrance to the main club.The club features a stage performance space, vintage piano, DJ booth, film projector for screenings, neon-lit bar, VIP area, bistro and secret hidden tattoo parlour.The club décor blends Art Deco influences with lavish artwork’s, ornaments and electric furniture.Visualise an Art Deco Bistro Club complimented with bright neon colors, 1920’s features and animalistic wallpaper’s. Their secret tattoo parlour has an original doctors chair and bespoke collaged interior.The club will be open day and night from Tuesday to Sunday.Highlights will include pop-up performance shows, live music mid-week, old school hip, deep house, nu disco and Sunday screeningclubs.Unique shows are commissioned for the intimate setting, including musicians, jugglers, magicians and acrobats.A hangout for artistes to express their bohemian ways of inspiration.La Maison des Artistes Bistro will be offering French-Inspired dishes andcontemporary modern European cuisine to suit the adventurous palate.
About Us    At the forefront of exceptional cocktails for over 10 years, LAB boasts an impressive and extensive menu of world renowned contemporary cocktails, made by some of London's finest bartenders.LAB was created to be a training school for bartenders keen to develop their skills - the London Academy of Bartenders. Keeping the ethos LAB Bar continues producing cocktails which will delight your palate.So, whether you’re a cocktail aficionado or think that a mixed drink is no more than a JD & coke, we have a cocktail for you. Our award winning bartenders will gladly guide you through our cocktail selection, or make a drink up to suit your needs and tastes.
About Us    Ladybird is an eclectic music venue and late cocktail bar found in the heart of Islington Upper street in Angel. With a variety of music acts, contemporary cocktails menus it’s a no wonder the Ladybird has got its reputation as one of the best places to come with something to offer every day of the week.With its nostalgic interior and chic style, Ladybird is the perfect place to bring a group of friends, to celebrate a birthday, enjoy after work drinks or even bring that special someone.  The staff  have been specially trained to produce that cocktail of your choice to perfection. So come on in and enjoy a drink, a beat and a good time!If you like to party in good places with good people the Ladybird Bar is the place for you.
About Us    Lava Lanes blends luxury surroundings, stunning special effects, state of the art lighting with modern Ten Pin Bowling. Presenting exclusive and specially designed lanes encompassing glow in the dark, ultra violet lighting and high definition video projection screens, lava lanes is by far the most modern Ten Pin experience.The Lava Lanes is a  fascinating and "striking" volcanic design incorporates stunning lighting effects and luxurious finishes. The Volcanic theme remains a well guarded secret, one day to be revealed!  By marrying an unusual design and modern technology, Lava Lanes give’s birth to "Stanmore’s first bowling lounge".Lava lanes blends luxury surroundings, stunning special effects, state of the art lighting with modern Ten Pin Bowling. Presenting exclusive and specially designed lanes encompassing glow in the dark, ultra violet lighting and high definition video projection screens, lava lanes is by far the most modern Ten Pin experience.
About Us    Privée is a Bar & Lounge based in Beauchamp place in Knightsbridge.Privée is the latest addition to the highly successful Layalina Restaurant. The concept is very simple it is a secluded, exclusive hideout for residents of SW3 and SW7 and those lucky few outsiders that manage to get past our security team.Our team of trained mixologists can create some of the best cocktails in the area and are always coming up with new creations, so watch that cocktail menu, as it will never stay the same for longer than 2 months. Just don’t blame us if you can’t find what you had last time!Privée is available for private hire all day Sunday to Wednesday or in the daytime on Thursday – Saturday.
About Us    Libertine Club on Winsley Street in London is the new venture from the creators of the famous Chinawhite club. The club will be spread over three distinctive areas. The club dabbles in the various forms of Fitzrovia rock 'n' roll chic, but will aim to uphold this area's rich clubbing history.The design has been put together to create an ambience of inclusivity, and an opulent interior worthy of its Winsley street location. The club will also include an experimental cocktail bar ‘Reason and Mankind’ which from 5pm each evening will serve up the latest in molecular mixology. Described as “fashionable without being pretentious” Libertine looks to create a highly memorable and original clubbing experience.
About Us    Description - Lock 17 is a busy pub and restaurant in the heart of the famous Camden Market. The venue comprises multiple elements, all of which go to make up a vibrant and exciting place to see and be seen.There is always something happening at Lock 17.As night descends the bars transform into the place to meet friends and get down to the cool sounds of our in-house and guest DJs. In short, Lock 17 has something for all, if you are looking for a lunchtime coffee and snack, are out to experience the best live music has to offer or if you prefer sitting back and sampling some great live comedy, Camden’s Lock 17 is the place to be.The whole venue has free Wi-Fi Internet access. Don't forget our weekly events at Lock 17 comedy nights every Friday and Saturday in Highlight, live music in Market bar, Student nights and much more.
About Us    Lockside Lounge is a Restaurant, Bar and Nightclub situated on the Camden Lock in the ever popular Camden. This venue is a great spot during the day for food and drinks overlooking the loch and then in the evening this venue transforms into a popular and busy dance venue and nightclub, hosting world class DJ's and events, attracting party goers from across London.
About Us    This is first and foremost a creative British cocktail bar & kitchen where guests experience an array of liquid delights in a fun and certainly unpretentious environment by some of the cities finest bartenders. The Goodge Street basement bar venue screams a cool, kitsch, punk feel created by award winning design company. The London Cocktail Club is perfect for mid-week after work drinks or catch up drinks. It is a laid-back den, a fun den, a kick-back den, a genius drinks den, a delectable food den - leave your pretense and pre-conceived notions of a London cocktail bar at the door and head on in...who knows, you might even see Raymond Blanc munching on a Mr Whippy and slurping down an Oyster cocktail! One of the best cocktail bars in the West End? Definitely. One of the best cocktail bars in London? Yes.
About Us    The London Cocktail Club Oxford Street is the younger yet bigger brother of Goodge Street and Shaftesbury Avenue.Enter down a darkened staircase and you're met with a blinding spot light, reminiscent of a police search light, with a vibe inspired by Mexico's second home, Down-town LA!The walls are covered in cool graffiti art depicting gun-toting clown figures and mean cityscapes. The focus of the action remains at the bar where there's hot contest for a stool seat. Expect to be "sippin" on "Gin and Juice". The theme at LCC Oxford street's downtown LA gang life so expect to see the staff wearing bandanas, lumberjack shirts.The food and drinks at London Cocktail Club Oxford Street is slightly different and adventurous, this like the others in the chain are not your average cocktail clubs, but this is the secret to the success of these venues.The London Cocktail Club is great for mid week drinks with friends or a full on party, this is definitely a venue well worth checking out.
About Us    London Cocktail Club aka "LCC" Friendly staff, cool décor, banging cocktails – all the bars are on the “must-visit list”. Inhibitions are unwelcome, as are intentions of complex softly spoken conversations. It’s loud, extroverted and unashamedly awesome.Who Are We………Don't expect the usual contemporary chic cocktail bar, what you can expect is dark, down and dirty….the tunes keep coming thick and fast, and the staff are always seen to be having fun. They’ll have you downing shots and dropping lyric bombs in no time. The good-time vibe of the London Cocktail Club is the thing that keeps people coming back for more. The team are always incredibly friendly and make it their business to remember the faces of regulars, with lots of high fives and friendly banter.Secretive, cool cocktail bars are springing up all over London. The LCC is counteracting this with a sense of unpretentious fun and old skool tunes.On  the food…. the tongue in cheek food menu helps line the stomach. Our bar snacks are displayed on the back of an LCC-branded video tape box, take a look inside and you'll even see a real VHS….London Cocktail Club Shaftesbury Avneue (The Venue)Old school British Navy-style pin-ups and of course skull & cross bones adorn the walls. Not to mention our bespoke tattoo art-work created by the awesome Rose Whittaker.Cut from the same cloth as the other LCC’s, it’s a post-work, hair-down, ties-off celebration of the consequence-free drinking…. Not until the next day anyway.The soundtrack of your past echoes loudly through the speaker, so don’t be surprised to find yourself singing along.
About Us    In the heart of Shoreditch at the top of the hip Hackney Road, lies Looking Glass Cocktail Club. Step through the giant opulent ‘looking glass’ and into a world of decedent debauchery with unique mesmerizing cocktails and eccentric entertainment in a lavish, cosy setting. This former Victorian East End clothing warehouse has been dramatically transformed; a sumptuous interior with moody subtle lighting, Louis XVI inspired furniture, brocade fabrics and other lovingly sourced vintage pieces.The Cocktails take mixology to a whole new dimension. Expect ingredients like fresh rosemary and cardamom in premium vodkas and igniting the senses with bergamot, smoked vanilla and vintage flavours such as sarsaparilla. The menu will also include The Shoreditch Cuppa - pear cognac, cardamom bitters, Sicilian lemon and tea syrup, spectacularly mixed and served in a tea cup and the divine Salted Caramel, a take on the classic Old Fashioned with 20 year aged rum and indulgent dark chocolate bitters. Each cocktail is curiously unique!The entertainment at Looking Glass is tantalizing and titillating, challenging the powers of perception. Showcasing the weird, the wonderful, the wicked and fusing live music and performance art. Head down and indulge your senses, relax and let Looking Glass Cocktail Club seduce your senses, each and every one.
About Us    Located in-between London's famous Oxford, Regent & New Bond Streets, LOOP is a dedicated party playground - a mecca for those who demand a big night out with all the trimmings. Comprising four uniquely decorated rooms over three floors, you'll find everything you need here.With 4 bars, a restaurant & a club, is sexier than your average bar, livelier than most restaurants & with an upbeat yet unpretentious club, can meet all of your eating & drinking requirements.
About Us    Lost & Co is the cool urban drinking and dining DJ bar in Putney. Located on Putney High Street The Lost & Co is a great spot for live music, craft beer and cocktails and creates a cool, laid back and unpretentious atmosphere. Open 7 days a week Join us at Lost & Co for coffees, lunches, dinner, drinks or just somewhere to hang out.
About Us    Love and Liquor in Kilburn is a late-night London cocktail bar and club that packs a big punch and takes inspiration from New York and in particular Brooklyn. Its stripped back and exposed decor brings a slice of style mixed with a fun-time atmosphere frequented by the party crowd doing their thing to the hottest DJs around. The VIP area in Love and Liquor is raised and caged, standing as a calling card to those with a bit of extra cash to splash. Look out for the hidden bar called The Volstead Library which can only be accessed via a wardrobe, as well as this there are other quirky touches including popcorn and photo booths for those who like to play. There is plenty of street art and styled decor keeping it sharp and New York chic in style.The music is an electic mix of cutting edge House, fun-time hip hop, mash up and party music. Killer tracks for a young, beautiful party crowd. Cocktails range from old classics to new ones to explore including The Smoked Old Fashion (Woodford Reserve, Angostura Bitters and sugar) and Velvet Elvis (Gentleman Jack, Chambord Berry liqueur, lime juice and lemonade). The cocktails are crafted perfectly to get you in the mood for bigger things ahead on the dance floor so get ready for a taste of Brooklyn in West London.
About Us    Islington's Lucky Voice is seen as the cooler and more laid back little sister of Lucky Voice in Soho. Providing budding singers with strong cocktails, a dressing up box, tons of musical hits, a sound-proof room and some mics, your night at Lucky Voice Islington is sure to be a massive success. Extremely popular amongst celebrities and those looking for unique office parties and birthdays.
About Us    Luxe Nightclub London is located within the infamous Tiger Tiger nightclub London in the Westend is the brand new nightclub and party destination for Westend partygoers.Open 7 days a Luxe is the perfect spot for late night drinks and parties, with VIP booths and tables available for those looking to add a touch of glamour to their night.
About Us    Ma Dame London is a French inspired boutique late night music venue and nightclub located in Royal Oak, West London.Expect a great music line up and superb cocktails whilst you revel in this uber cool and trendy venue.Open from Tuesdays through to Saturdays join us at Ma Dame London for Jazz nights and popular club nights.
About Us    Mabel’s Bar in Covent Garden is the spot if you like brunch, lunch and fancy cocktails.Only a few minutes’ walk from Covent Garden tube station in and amongst the busy bars and restaurants is where you will find Mabel’s, open all day and night, cooking up a delicious selections of foods and serving mouth-watering cocktails and drinks by night.With an elegant and stylish interior, spacious tables, booths and areas, Mabel’s is comfortable and accommodating, a perfect spot for foodies, late night drinking and chatting.
About Us    Machete is a newly opened Mexican bar near Victoria Park, in East London close to Hackney Wick rail station.The vibe at Machete is very Mexican, colorful and enjoyable all year round thanks to a big outdoor patio where guess can dine or just relax while sipping some badass cocktails.Machete is all about authentic Mexican food cooked by the Mexican embassy official chef!!! And about perfect cocktails creatively made by a famous bartender from Northern Mexico, therefore Tequila cocktails and spicy beer concoctions are a must-try at Machete.This unpretentious venue is the place to go to enjoy typical Mexican flavors and atmosphere!
About Us    Madison owns two unique venues on the roof terrace. Our restaurant is to the right of the lift and a Tapas & Cocktail bar to the left. Both provide a new destination for cafe culture, informal dining and stylish drinks. At seven floors off the ground at One New Change Madison enjoys a unique vantage point on one of Europe's largest public roof terraces next to some of the City’s oldest and most spectacular landmarks. The breathtaking views of the great neoclassical dome of St Paul's Cathedral stretch to the London skyline beyond and take in the London Eye, the Tate Modern and the towering Shard by London Bridge.Madison offers an extensive champagne and wine list that will please every palate and budget. Our champagne list features Moët Ice Imperial - the world's first-ever champagne specifically created to be enjoyed on ice and is exclusive to our restaurant. There are over 1000 bottles of red, white and rose wine to choose from. Madison a great place to escape from the bustle of the city and to relax with a glass of wine on the open terrace. The wine selection is complemented by a superb cocktail list and a great line-up of draught and bottled beers all available to enjoy outdoors on the patio.
About Us    Maggie's is a laid-back club that plays homage to the Thatcher years. This 80s inspired venue features retro decor, kitsch cocktails and DJs that play both classic 80s and contemporary tracks.
About Us    Mahiki, London's ultimate destination for the cocktail lover with the ‘treasure island’ illustrated menu features classic and new innovations, a host of tropical creations designed to tempt and delight served in an elaborate Tiki style setting. Hand-made ‘Princess’ chairs, colourful Hawaiian cushions, hand-carved tiki figures, intimate green rush affect banquettes and jetsam and flotsam hang, all amplifying the illusion of having arrived at some distant port of pleasure is giving the perfect night-out.The plenty of exotic dishes and smooth chill music in constant rotation for those who want to relax without taking a holiday the Mahiki nightclub is the perfect spot with celebrity party animals from Paris Hilton to Katie Price to Tara Reid and Alicia Silverstone this is the place to meet eligible bachelors and the woman who want them, but only for a night! Over two different floor 400 capacity this nightclub is the perfect spot for party planning as guest list or table booking.
About Us    Mahiki Kensington is coming to Kensington High Street! Mahiki are going to be the new residents of the former Bodo Schloss club which closed down in July. The New Mahiki Kensington is the second Mahiki bar to open in London as the original Mahiki is still based in Mayfair. The new bar and nightclub is set to open in September.
About Us    Whether it is the Middle Eastern cuisine, Cocktails, Shisha or Entertainment there is something for everyone at our new Knightsbridge location. Mamounia provide an idyllic and glamorous setting with a traditional Arabic charm making you feel like your in the heart of Morocco. There are many new textures, beautiful designs, rich fabrics and vibrant lighting. We wish to give everyone the best experience we can offer.
About Us    Mamounia Lounge Bar is a glamorous and sophisticated lounge restaurant and shisha bar in the heart of Mayfair.At Mamounia Lounge you will be immerse in the Lebanese, Middle Eastern atmosphere. Everything is elegantly refined, from the velvet cushions to the handmade crystal chandeliers; from the golden refined walls to the blacked mirror tables. Every evening live events and music are performed; and seeing a Belly Dancers performance is a must at Mamounia Lounge.The food is authentic Lebanese and Moroccan cosine, there is a good selection of wines and the cocktail list is exotic and carefully presented.Eating or drinking at Mamounia Lounge is an experience you are going to remember!
About Us    A funky addition to the sometimes predictable City bar scene, Mary Jane’s treads its own path. Located on the Minories, not far from Tower Gateway, inside there’s a mezzanine level with large tables and black leather seating and a more labyrinthine downstairs section with an aquarium and a number of booths to choose from. There’s decent bar food and superb cocktails (we like their signature drink: champagne with Sputnik Rose Petal Vodka and a splash of watermelon, but the Sweetshop Shooters are also worth your time). As with most venues in the area, the place is heaving on weekdays, but shuts on weekends.
About Us    The Mayfair Clubs is a high-end adult strip club / nightclub in London.Open 7 days a week this is a popular lap dancing club in Mayfair  with spacious yet cosy with a sensual feel which creates the perfect mood.Saturday nights at the Mayfair Club takes a slight twist as its more nightclub focused with Dj's dropping house, rnb and hip hop and party anthems which makes this a great spot for those looking to drink, dance and party the night away.Guestlists is essential and groups of four or more people will be required to take a table.
About Us    Definitely named after a certain Steve - images of the star of The Great Escape adorn the walls at this slick Shoreditch bar and restaurant located on the site once occupied by The Tabernacle. The main bar area is all polished wood and exposed brick work, a black and masculine space, while the basement has been transformed into a suitably moody, brooding space with comfy booths and a small stage. On Thursday night it’s ‘Secret Rendezvous’ which brings together the worlds of circus, burlesque and cabaret. There’s a theatrical quality to a lot of the design and the music policy suits the venue’s retro styling. Cocktails are taken seriously and executed with care and attention. The promised kitchen is now open and serves a well thought out selection of American grill dishes.Tues-Wed 12:00-01:00Thu-Fri 12:00-02:30Sat 18:00-02:30Sun Closed
About Us    Meza, on the site of the legendary Marquee Club and Mezzo, continues as one of Soho's leading restaurant bars, offering delicious food, decadent cocktails and an amazing DJ line up at weekends.Meza can be hired exclusively for 280 guests at a seated dinner or 460 at a cocktail reception it's late license means you can enjoy a full night of fun.
About Us    Mimi's Bar & Lounge in Fitzrovia is a discreet, top-notch basement cocktail bar and club lounge and is the ideal spot for an after work drinks or late night party with friends.Located a short distance from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road Mimi's Bar is within easy reach of the whole City. Sleek, chic and tasteful, Mimi's is the perfect balance between Soho's edginess and Mayfair's taut sophistication.
About Us    The world famous Ministry Of Sound is one of London's iconic clubbing venues. All of the World's most famous DJ's have blessed the DJ box at some point which continuously keeps the crowd coming back. After its latest refurbishment the venue now boasts 5 rooms, 4 bars, 4 dance floors, 4 booths, 2 luxury VIP lounges and an unrivaled audio visual specification.Opening Times:Friday: 10.30pm - 6.30amSaturday: 11pm - 7amTransport:Elephant & Castle tube343, C10, 12, 176
About Us    Mode Club is the latest hotspot to hit Notting Hill, a restaurant, bar and nightclub all rolled into one! with a unique, late night offering where renowned musicians, both live and electronic, fuse together.Hosting a number of top-class DJs, great live music and with a restaurant to match, Mode Collective looks set to be the spot to be in.
About Us    Montezuma London West London's the latest addition to South Kensington's night life scene, is a slick and cool spot for socializing and late night partying.Awarded Best Boutique Nightclub in London 2017 and 2016.Montezuma offers a space that is adaptable to most occasions from corporate and private events, birthdays, to amazing launches and one-off club nights!With an impressive lighting and sound system, comfortable booths plus popular event nights makes Montezuma a popular choice for party goers in London.#nightclub #London #Chelsea #party #birthday #VIP   #nightlife #event #friday #saturday
About Us    Ninetyeight lounge and bar is a top Shorditch cocktail bar and late night London DJ bar infused with a mischievous mix of toys, sweets and luscious, quirky décor. In the midst of Curtain Road, basement bar Ninetyeight is a breath of fresh air, providing an uplifting retreat for like-minded individuals. Voted top cocktail bar in London, you’ll soon see Ninetyeight won’t be like anything you’ve ever seen before. Expect the unexpected. "If it's crazy, we do it", says Cath (the owner). The mixologists know their stuff too, which is evident in the quite simply delicious cocktail concoctions. There are also homemade candles with lick-able flavoured wax - Cath did promise craziness! This is a must go to bar for birthday drinks, dates and pre-drinks in Shoreditch. On the weekend, the music is funky and uplifting house spun by the DJ who is bang in the middle of the bar. Ninetyeight is also a great bar to hire for a birthday as you can hire the whole venue out or they have a cool back room that can be hired out for 30-50 people and is a lot more affordable than having the whole bar.
About Us    A bring your own booze concept cocktail bar and event space located on Neal Street in Covent Garden London.Run by award winning cocktail mixologists No Such Place showcases some of London's best cocktails.
About Us    Noir W1 is a is a Premium Cocktail & Wine Lounge and Multi-Faceted Event Venue conveniently located opposite the iconic Selfridges & just minute away from Bond Street Station.Partygoer's can enjoy exquisite food and cocktails whilst relaxing in a stylish and relaxed environment, and for those looking for a little more excitement then Noir also has a late night secret cocktail bar and lounge with live DJ's playing the very best in RnB, Hip Hop and party mash ups.
About Us    Nola Bar could easily be missed while walking through Shoreditch. Located on the first floor, above Bedroom Bar, Nola Bar is a cozy bar and cocktails bar inspired by the culture and history of New Orleans.The atmosphere at Nola Bar is intimate but bubbly, filled up by Jazz and Blues sounds often with regular live performances. The Bar is spacious filled with small wooden table and chairs and dimly lighted.The cocktail list is inspired by a long history and mixed with new creations. While sipping peacefully your tasting drink surrounded by the Jazz rhythms, you can even enjoy a fine cigar at the small terrace of Nola Bar.If you are looking to escape from London frenetic life and enjoy a taste of 'Southern Hospitality', this is a place to visit and where you are sure to go back!
About Us    Nordica Bar is a Scandinavian themed cocktail bar, bar and restaurant located north of Soho, between Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Circus.Nordic Bar is much more than a normal bar! During the week it hosts different activities: Quiz nights, Cocktail Classes, Comedy nights. And every night you can have a great fun at Nordic Bar choosing between Ping Pong, Table Football, Karaoke, Live Music and Sky Sports broadcast in a huge screen.If you are not in the mood for activities, at Nordic Bar you can chill out with your friends while sipping a most valuable cocktail and tasting some of the food proposals of the traditional Scandinavian menu. Nordic bar offers also a huge selection of Scandinavian beers and wines.Nordic Bar is surely a place to visit in London and it’s vibrant and effervescent atmosphere will make sure you will come and visit again!!
About Us    Bar, Restaurant, Club, Garden & TerraceDrinking, Dining, Dancing - A complete night out under one roof in Greenwich, LondonSouth Pole club situated in the basement excellent for club nightsAvailable for exclusive private hire or part-hire of the venue. It's the perfect space for a small gathering or big events!
About Us    The Notting Hill Arts Club is a specialist pioneering music and arts venue.Alongside their serious graphic arts based exhibition programme, concept visuals, and extended area-shaping public arts projects, the artsclub is fundamentally explained in its belief that a world created by artists would be a better place.
About Us    Super-sleek and sexy, this Lebanese/Mediterranean restaurant on Belgravias Hobart Place draws a fashionable crowd. Clad with modern white wood-panelled, backlit walls, leather banquettes and a chi-chi bar,Noura Lounge is a popular spot for cocktails and schmoozing and the kitchen serves a wide range of both hot and cold meze alongside more substantial main meals. A perfect spot to sip and be seen, the Noura Lounge often attracts famous faces, and the expert service and swish wine list never fail to impress.
About Us    It's all about seeing the world in one night. The six themed bars and two clubs all have a different look and feel about them taking you from one country to another.So far Oceana Watford has hosted some of the biggest acts in the music industry from Tinie Tempah to Calvin Harris. Celebrities aren't shy either with many soap stars and footballers spotted in the club on a regular basis. So come on down and have an Oceana night.Opening Times:Thursday - Saturday: 10pm - 3amTransport:North Watford rail
About Us    Old Bengal Bar is located in the aptly-named Old Bengal Warehouse on New Street, London EC2 and sitting alongside New Street Grill.Old Bengal Bar is principally a chic and atmospheric space dominated by exposed brick work and mirrored walls, where guests get the chance to sample an extensive choice of cocktails created by Bar Manager Milos Popovic and his team.The signature drinks of the house include the Fleur de Lis and Dirty Truffle alongside more familiar cocktails served with a twist such as Prince of Wales and New York Sour.The Old Bengal Bar will also serve a selection of spirits by the bottle and a comprehensive wine list to enjoy either inside or on The Old Bengal Bar’s secluded terrace.
About Us    Situated in the heart of Chinatown Opium Cocktail and Dim Sum Parlour is a colorful and unusual cocktail bar even for the Soho area.The venue spreads in two floors and is divided in many smaller and intimate rooms each of them with its own eccentric and stylish décor. The Opium Bar is a versatile venue where guests can enjoy a quiet cup of tee while reading a book or enjoy the ability and skills of the bar tenders while they create exquisite cocktails.An interesting curiosity about the Opium is that all cocktails are served in Apothecary style bottle with a Chinese written label!!!This is the perfect place for every occasion: relaxing, chatting with friends or having a date.
About Us    Oslo Hackney a new destination for food, drinks and music. Drawing on a Nordic aesthetic, Oslo will be a significant new arrival in the dynamic and burgeoning area of Hackney Central, offering top quality food and drink with music in a unique space of a redeveloped railway station.Situated next door to Hackney Central on Amhurst Road, Oslo will be both a daytime hub to meet and eat, and a night time destination for socialising, eating and taking in the best of new music.The food menu will place an emphasis on locally sourced ingredients and produce, including an impressive array of craft beers, ales and spirits from local suppliers. Food will be served all day, from meetings through to late night get-togethers.
About Us    The legendary Paper Nightclub has re-opened in Soho and is bigger and more glamorous than ever. The Paper nightclub was the hottest venue in the capital during its three wild years and hosted parties for the biggest stars in the world but shut abruptly in 2008 and just like that London's favourite nightclub was gone.But now it’s back with a luxurious new 400 capacity venue at the top of Wardour Street in Soho, and the former owners feel the capital is ready for a nightclub renaissance. The premium venue  is one of the most anticipated new clubs for a long, long time.As before every element of the club will be the crème-de-la-crème of what made Paper one of the best clubs in the world.Paper will operate a very strict door and dress code policy to ensure they attract the right clientele. A strict guestlist and table booking policy will apply.
About Us    Patch is a fashionable design led venue situated on Carter Lane opposite St Paul’s Cathedral. It has an uber cool Shoreditch style cocktail bar and club along with private bar available for hire. Patch suits all types of functions and has a flexible multi room layout which fits perfectly for clients looking for a unique venue that can deliver a memorable event.With a fantastic happy hour from 4.30pm to 7.30pm Monday to Friday its perfect for group bookings. Thursday and Friday nights have award winning DJs and tend to attract a good mix of younger and trendier City workers. That's how we like it.Patch boasts many areas and is made up with The Garden room, The Lodge, Parlour, Snug and VIP Club room set in the basement along with a stunning redesigned and revamped Cocktail bar on the ground floor serving the very best cocktails using only the freshest ingredients unique from anything else in the City making it a city hot spot for nights out, corporate and private events.
About Us    Pause Bar In the City is an elegant and sophisticated bar and restaurant which dishes up great food & drink and with its accommodating nature make it one of the capital's premier venues to host a private or corporate function. It’s a perfect bar for Christmas parties, corporate presentations and breakfast meetings, private lunches, corporate canapés and drinks receptions, birthday and engagement celebrations. It's also very popular for Quiz nights and any quirky event requirements.Pause has a modern contemporary feel using soft shades aside gold leaf walls, featuring steel tiled ceiling, bespoke lighting and industrial furniture - With a 30ft reclaimed oak timber bar with gold pendant lighting, it is an effortless blend of cool and stylish glamour which is perfect for all occasions.
About Us    A late night adventure in the heart of Piccadilly CircusThe Piccadilly Institute is a place where new experiences can be gained. The unexpected, the beautiful and the bizarre are at every turn.Gorgeous in design and twisted in personality, it's dedicated to the principles of pleasure. There's something for every mood, every scene, every desire, a labyrinth of rooms with six different rooms to choose from each with totally unique theme and feel.VIP tables and birthday packages available starting from as little as £25 for those who are looking to add a touch of glamour to their night.We hope to see you soon.
About Us    PING is a new Kitchen, Bar and Games Room concept inspired by the popular game of Ping Pong which is fast becoming the fashionable pastime of choice. Moving away from the high maintenance and colder feel of London’s West End venues, PING will introduce a much more creative and rustic ambience to allow for the perfect transition from early evening Dining to Drinking & Dancing late into the night.PING will operate as a relaxed restaurant and bar Monday through to Wednesday with a more energetic and busier atmosphere from Thursday through Saturday with PING resident DJs, birthday parties and weekend revelry starting after dinner from 11pm.
About Us    Playboy Club London and the legendary bunnies are back!Located in the heart of exclusive Mayfair, the club offers world-class gaming, dining and entertainment. A contemporary and stylish setting, combined with a fascinating mix of personalities makes Playboy Club London a truly exceptional private members' club. Open 24 hours, 7 days a week.
About Us    Set over two floors, Po Na Na is located in the heart of Wimbledon and has a large roof terrace and resident DJs playing funk, house and R&B throughout the week. The interior features a retro dance floor, Moroccan decor and a Souk vibe.
About Us    The Portobello Star open since 1740 still serves home made food and delicious cocktails to the West London crowds of Notting Hill.
About Us    Tucked away in Fitzrovia, Project Club is conveniently situated just off central London’s Oxford Street, offering a unique venue deliberately engineered for the discerning elite clientele of London’s club scene.Designed by world renowned interior architects Project arrives to transform the West End and offer a sophisticated night out with care being taken to keep a unique interior design with clean lines and cultivated spaces that allow for an exceptional clubbing experience.The newly refurbished Club features a multi-million pound refit, with great care being taken to include several secluded VIP sections atmospherically lit by state of the art lighting and LED systems that are truly unique to the London club scene. The Sound set up is also second to none with the latest in technology that world renowned DJs will be queued up to play their sets.Project Club is set to become one of the world’s leading and most exclusive night clubs specialising in house music with the world’s top DJs playing throughout the year.Project Club can accommodate up to 330 guests and membership is available strictly at management’s discretion.Open Tuesday, Friday and Saturday11pm till 4am
About Us    Proud Cabaret City is modelled on a 1920s speakeasy and offers a high end dining and entertainment experience of unrivalled prestige. Located in an underground haven that's reminiscent of the illicit glamour of a bygone era, with beautiful girls in full burlesque welcoming guests upon arrival, the City is all about being entertained whilst you dine. Thursday through Saturday from 6.30pm, the kitchen serves superbly executed British cuisine with a sumptuous menu that changes seasonally. The extensive wine list is the perfect accompaniment, whilst our bartenders concoct a wide range of both classic and contemporary cocktails.
About Us    Throughout the day Proud Camden is the ideal place to come and relax with your mates. Hot beverages and food are available, and each stable has HD flat screen TVs with Sky Sports and Movie channels.If that doesn't tickle your fancy, we also have a vast selection of DVDs and PS3 video games you can choose from or why not be a rockstar with Xbox Rock Band.The venue is transformed into a live music venue and bar from 7.30pm, with each night hosting the best electic music in North London.
About Us    Queen Of Hoxton, a trendy bar and club in the heart of the East End.A popular spot that has been  entertaining her neighbours with a tight programme of music accompanied by a gallery of art installations and murals.The ground floor is an intricate blend of window etchings, graffiti, ivy and a landscape of benches, while the games room holds table-football, vintage pinball and a unique Brighton pier 1960’s gaming rarity. The Queen’s alter ego appears in the basement bar; dark and a little twisted. The space caters for her every whim hosting cutting edge gigs and sweaty raves.Top DJ's host Thursdays to Saturdays at the Queen and in the past some have played host to some of the biggest names on the music scene such as; Tom Odell, Django Django, Lianne La Havas, Gold Panda and Miles Kane, a selection of the world’s best turntablists, and indie club nights promoted by some of the most famous faces you’ll find on TV.During the hotter months you can enjoy the  stunning rooftop garden complete with BBQ kitchen, bars, garden shed bathrooms, hanging gardens, astroturf and panoramic views over the city of London.There really is something for everyone in this royal establishment.
About Us    Located in Bayswater, Queens Ice and Bowl is the ultimate entertainment centre which include activities such as Ice skating with state of the art sound and lighting and if skating isn't your thing then enjoy 12 lanes of Bowling, Private Karaoke rooms, Fully licensed bar, Specialty foods, home made Italian ice cream parlour, video and novelty games and much more.
About Us    Rah Rah Room in Piccadilly London is a late night nightclub and performance venue specialising in cabaret and live music events open 3 days a week Fridays to Sundays until 4am.The event line up for the weekend at Rah Rah Room consist of live cabaret acts to full on club nights with performances from world class DJ's, musicians and acrobats.The Rah Rah Room is the perfect spot for late night parties and big nights out in the Westend of London.Rah Rah Room is currently open 3 days a week, Friday, Saturday and Sunday until 4am and is available for private hire all other days.
About Us    Reflex is one of the best bars in Watling Street London, a great night out for people who want to bop all the way back to when Jon Bon Jovi first rocked our world and the A Team ruled Saturday night telly. Party people come to dance and sing the night away, led by DJs pumping out nothing but the best tunes from the 80s.
About Us    We are situated at the bottom of Lavender Hill - a mere stone's throw from Clapham Junction Rail Station - and pride ourselves on bringing the best music, the best hospitality, the best food, and most importantly...THE BEST VODKA in London!
About Us    Vodka lovers in London's City will be no stranger to Revolution Bars' unique approach to food, drink and partying - and with the opening of our new bar in America Square you can be sure of the same with added interest! Set beneath the arches of Fenchurch Street Station, Revolution mixes opulent Manhattan design with a twist of Soviet spirit.Each of our two arches has its own unique feeling, from the intimate speakeasy arch that harks back to the days of Prohibition and Moonshine to the imposing entrance arch mixing contemporary design and comfort. Not forgetting the stunning white marble Deli Bar the greets your arrival and our Vodka Studio, ideal for premium Tsarist Dining, a Cocktail Masterclass or meetings and conferences.Specialising in Vodka, Food and Party, Revolution offers you a premium breakfast and lunch menu, a constantly evolving Cocktail Menu, Premium Spirits, Wines and Draught, as well as the best place to party in the square mile!
About Us    Revolution is now firmly established in the City after opening its doors in the Summer of 2007. The Leadenhall site is spread over four spacious floors and is our most impressive site. In the heart of the Square Mile, Revolution is located opposite the Lloyds building and moments away from the Gherkin. Offering fantastic drinks, scrumptious food and contemporary entertainment for the more discerning London vodka & cocktail lover!Revolution Leadenhall is also home to London's most opulent private party and dining area THE VAULT. This exquisite room was created from the original strong room of the old Midland Bank and is quite simply a unique experience.A further wonderful feature is the basement clubroom (AKA) Revolution Underground. The city's premier dance floor, deep beneath the city, rocking the foundations of Revolution.
About Us    Welcome to RibeiraRiverside bistro, bar & event space inspired by travels through the waterways of South AmericaA sanctuary nestled in London's East End, Ribeira remixes colonial style in a modern environment where a relaxing ambience and excellence in service are always top of the menu.Whether you are looking for dinner and drinks, a unique function space, or simply somewhere to rest your feet and enjoy the view, Ribeira will cater to your every need.
About Us    We are an independent neighbourhood bar providing a 1920's influenced environment for the discerning grown ups of Clapham and beyond.Great care has been taken in the creation of our drinks menu to ensure you enjoy the best quality products (nothing rough or inferior here), with fresh ingredients at sensible prices. Our cocktails are made with love and all our drinks are delivered with a smile.Downstairs at Rise 46 is available for group bookings and table reservations. Should you have something to celebrate or are generally planning to be jolly we would love to look after you!Whether you are looking to relax with friends upstairs over a soothing bottle of wine, or planning a more lively weekend treat downstairs with live DJ sets until 2am, we hope to see you soon!
About Us    The Roadhouse Bar, Club & American Diner is located at The Piazza in the heart of Covent Garden, a popular spot for locals and tourists looking for great atmosphere, food and drinks.With a weekly roster of live bands, DJ's, and Rock Karaoke every Monday and Wednesday.Entry costs vary depending on the night, queue jumps and discounts are available for those on guestlist.Special celebrations packages available, great for birthday, hen or leaving parties.
About Us    The Roadtrip Bar and its basement, The Workshop, is the first Bar you will encounter when jumping off from Old Street Tube station into Old street.The Roadtrip Bar and Workshop is an easy going venue that recalls an American style Bar. Provided with quite a few seats in the top floor and a large terrace along Old Street, it is the ideal place to start your night out or enjoy some drinks with your work colleagues.Almost every night The Roadtrip Bar and Workshop offers good rock'n'roll and acoustic live music which you can enjoy while simply having a beer and chilling with mates or, why not, dancing in the spacious dance floor in front of the basement’s stage.The sounds are not only dedicated to live bands but you can also find DJ’s playing at the Workshop. In the overall every night has its different sound: from old rock ‘n’ roll classics to current top-ten hits. And the venue's atmosphere varies considerably depending on the events it is holding.
About Us    Welcome to Roller Disco at The Renaissance Rooms in Vauxhall, London. An adults only, roller skating party venue.Open 3 days a week on Thursday, Fridays and Saturday Roller Disco is a great alternative for those looking for something different with electric atmosphere, great music, and great fun.With fully stocked bar, comfortable tables and booths this is a popular spot for birthday and hen celebrations.Dj's play popular 80's  90's disco and current chart and party anthems.Skates are provided with entry so no skates or skating experience is required and all level of skaters are welcome.Admission prices vary depending on the nightThursdays - £10Fridays - £12.50Saturdays £15.00(NUS discounts available)Advanced tickets are available or you can purchase tickets on the night.
About Us    Ruby Blue sits in the bustling Leicester Square surrounded by fine London theatres, a perfect destination for those looking for a night out in the West End. Leicester Square Tube Station is less than a 1-minute walk away.We recommend starting with one of our amazing cocktails on the balcony which has unique views over the buzzing madness of Leicester Square.The perfect spot for star gazing as it provides a birds eye view of the star studded red carpets below.It offers up a happily affordable restaurant for those looking for early evening meals and snacks as well as pre-theatre dinner, a buzzing bar with one of the best happy hours in London between 5 & 8pm, Sunday- Friday.If the night just keeps rolling on, don't worry Ruby Blue is a fun night where there are 3 bars, 2 rooms and 2 DJs so you can dance to your heart's content to the latest chart, r&b and party anthems until 3am.There is usually a cover charge into Ruby Blue after 9pm but they do run a guest list where entry is at a discounted price.Popular later on for parties, groups and bar crawls. Choose Ruby Blue for your big night out in London
About Us    Ruby’s Dalston is a basement cocktail bar situated in Stoke Newington Road, north London. Set underneath the cinema sign Ruby’s Dalston, is laid-back, informal and alternative subterranean bar.The atmosphere at Ruby’s Dalston is unusual: candlelit interior, barely-painted walls, mismatched furniture and dark wooden floors.Ruby’s Dalston is ideal for a quiet pre or post-dinner drink, the cocktails are exquisitely made and always renewed, served with fresh fruits with an outstanding presentation.In the overall Ruby’s Dalston is the kind of bar you have to visit if you are around the area!
About Us    The same people that brought you Salvador & Amanda Leicester Square have doubled up their portfolio with a  second site in Bloomsbury. With a tapas, cocktail and lively DJ bar is spread over two floors, the downstairs bar offers a casual tapas menu while the more formal dining takes place upstairs.With themed nights everyday of the week, great happy hours, affordable drinks, DJs kick in on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays and a 3am closing time on Saturdays; Salvador & Amanda Bloomsbury offers a unique party vibe. With tasty tapas, delicious cocktails and fiesta filled fun, Salvador and Amanda will inject some Spanish flavour to Bloomsbury.
About Us    Salvador and Amanda is a Spanish style restaurant and bar located between Leicester Square and Covent Garden.The atmosphere at Salvador and Amanda can be described in 3 words: drinks, tapas and fiesta! In this two floor venue costumers can enjoy a traditional Spanish meal upstairs in a romantic and chic environment or head for more quick food in the ground floor where traditional Spanish tapas and sangria are served.After dinner the bar fills up with people singing and shaking the latest Pop, R&B and party mash up music while drinking the famous Spanish flavored wine: Sangria! Salvador and Amanda is always crowded with costumers that want to have a fun night out, so if this is you intention you should give it a look!
About Us    Salvatore’s Bar is an award winning cocktail bar in the heart of Mayfair. The venues takes its name from the famous, internationally celebrated, cocktail maestro Salvatore Calabrese; that hosts the Bar.This is the perfect place to relax after a busy working day. The house pianist will cuddle you for all through the night, and the stunning Playboy waitresses will make you forget your worries.Salvatore’s Bar offers an extremely wide and sophisticated range of cocktails, wines and beers, and an outstanding selection of vintage cognacs that can be dated back to the 1700s! The Afternoon tea cocktail menu is accompanied by delicious home made pastries and sandwiches.There is really nothing to say about Salvatore’s Bar; now that is opened for the first time to non-members there are no excuses not to experience its amazing atmosphere.
About Us    Scala is a beautiful multi-purpose venue in the regenerated King’s Cross area, on the north side of central London. The building incorporates four main floors and accommodates events for as many as 1,145 people. There are three bars, 2 dance floors and a stage for live performances. There is a cloakroom on the first floor.UndergroundScala is a 3 minute walk from Kings Cross Underground Station. Underground lines at this station include Piccadilly, Northern, Victoria, Hammersmith & City, Metropolitan and Circle lines.
About Us    Bar Scenario is a stylish cocktail bar located between Dalston and Stoke Newington combines a stylish cocktail joint and a lively basement party bar where they host DJ nights, movies screenings, and private parties throughout the week.Attracting a cool East London crowd,  Bar Scenario has something of a mix and match feel, with its exposed light bulbs, shabby wallpaper and mis-matched furniture, to quirky touches.The bar serves up a host of drinks from wines and international beers on tap to a rather potent selection of spirits and cocktails.When it comes to the music expect an eclectic blend of anything from electro, funky house and party anthems with DJs bringing their own unique offerings to the decks.Bar Scenario is a great spot for chatting and drinking, with a rather splendid location in the heart of Stokey, then later on the bar heats up with a party posse in to dance up a storm.
About Us    Shaka Zulu London is a Bar, Restaurant & Nightclub which is situated in the Stables Market in Camden Town.With a 1000+ capacity this is the place to be on Fridays and Saturday nights, with both nights hosting popular club events playing the very best in commercial Rnb, house, pop, hip hop, disco and funky.The club kicks off at 10pm with a door charge of £10 before 11pm and the £15 thereafter.This is a guestlist only venue so make sure you’re on the guestlist.Dresscode is smart and casual, no sportswear or hoodies.Birthday packages and table bookings are available starting from £100.
About Us    With bar schools across the globe already under their belt the boys at Shaker and Company were more than well trained for this job. Their "New Orleans inspired cocktail saloon", all leather sofas and brass lanterns, is a great addition to this no mans land part of town. Sit and the bar, and watch those boys shaken and stirring. Kick back and listen to the bands, open mic comics, or join in the Popbitch quiz.For GuestlistSPOT the best bit was downstairs, which when we visited was a Benedictine Monastery,with old schools desks for you to sit at, next month, who knows what it’ll be but we were promised a big change.Drink mid 19th Century and early 20th century cocktails, BarChick LOVED the Potato Sack Sour, and the banana based Polmos to Polynesia, but if you're not feeling it, then tell em what you fancy, with a back bar that big you won’t be going thirsty. Soak it up with Crayfish popcorn and hushpuppies (that’s cheese, sweetcorn and ale fritters to you and me.)
About Us    The Shoreditch Hub is a unique and versatile event space situated on the 2nd Floor above the Canvas Bar in Shoreditch.Available for private hire 7 days a week, the Hub makes is perfect for all types of events and parties, private area for meetings, presentations, social gatherings to full on club nights and events.With a fully equipped sound and AV system and stocked bar The Shoreditch Hub is the perfect spot for private hire.
About Us    Simmons Bar located a stone throw from Mornington Crescent tube station, is the perfect cocktail bar for after work chill out.This cozy and unusual venue is welcoming and comfortable. When entering Simmons Bar you can’t miss the quantity of objects standing on top of every shelf and the mismatching chairs around the long wooden tables.Lots of promotions are available during their very long happy hour: every day (not Saturday) from 4pm to 9pm!!!Simmons Bar is an intimate and familiar venue where to enjoy some very well-done cocktails served in quirky tea cups! While chatting with friends and colleagues.
About Us    Simmons Bar located a stone throw from King’s Cross tube station, is the perfect cocktail bar for after work chill out.Opened until late night, this cozy and little different venue is welcoming and comfortable. When entering Simmons Bar you can’t miss the quantity of objects standing on top of every shelf and the mismatching chairs around the long wooden tables.Every night a live DJ plays retro, party anthems or commercial pop music; but there is not really room for dancing.Simmons Bar is an intimate and familiar venue where to enjoy some very well-done cocktails served in tea cups! While chatting with friends and colleagues.
About Us    Sink Pong is the latest addition to the fast growing ping pong bar scene in London. Specialising in Ping Pong and Beer Pong events Sink Pong is the ideal venue to sink and few beers whilst enjoying a game or two of ping pong.Sink Pong is situated on the second above the Blueberry Bar in Shoreditch and is also available for private hire and is perfect for corporate parties and special celebrations.Customised Ping Pong tables can be booked by the hour and can accommodate up to 24 people per table.
About Us    Welcome to Slim Jims, The Masterful Purveyors of Good Times. The bar is stocked with carefully selected quality liquors, the jukebox is packed with the classics and our guys and girls know how to Rock'n'Roll!As soon as you step through our oak double doors, you feel like you're no longer in London but in an LA juke joint. Neon and candles create a dim, hazy ambiance, while our bare brick walls and dark booths lend the space an intimate feel, with a Rock 'n' Roll twist.Slim Jim's Liquor Store is a late night bar on Upper Street in Angel. With a daily happy hour and themed events on every Thursday and Sunday Slim Jims is perfect for chilling out with your mates and having a drink and a dance to their jukebox with rock'n'roll from the 50's & 60's right through to today. It can turn into quite the party, as they give away free drinks to1 ladies in exchange for a bra or if you put on a show for the staff and customers (the bras are displayed proudly on the ceiling)
About Us    SMITHS of Smithfield is a cocktail bar, restaurant and event space all wrapped up in one fantastic space split over four floors serving up quality meat from British farmers, butchered in-house and cooked to perfection, classic cocktails, good wine and craft beers.
About Us    A SOUK experience is like an escape from reality, an opportunity to indulge in opulent surroundings - drinking, dining and lounging with no rules except to enjoy.Located in the heart of Clapham, SOUK is the neighbourhood bar with a difference. We can accommodate bookings of various sizes and we would love for you to get in touch to find out more.SOUK is the ideal location for weekday dinner and drinks, late night music and the best party venue in South London.
About Us    A warm tropical welcome to South London Pacific where they invite you to sample a slice of tiki paradise in SE11. Serving classic tiki potions, premium Mai Tai's and a selecion of house cocktails, at only £3.95 before 10pm, plus Vietnamese Finger Food Menu, music to drink and chat to and dancing till 3am weekends.Opening Times:Friday: 5pm - 3amSaturday: 7pm - 3amTransport:Kennington3, 59, 159, N3, N159
About Us    Situated at 147 Leadenhall Street, formerly the Bank of New York is Steam & Rye a 1920's American themed cocktail bar and restaurant.The décor boasts 1920's glamour, fused with the romantic influence of the Wild West.Steam & Rye consists of four parts, the Main Hall and Station Gardens are modelled on New York’s Grand Central Station which features a beautiful sculpted bar, a stage, living clock, and its very own Eastern Pacific Steam Train Dining Carriage.A winding stairwell leading to the dimly lit mezzanine level and the Cargo Hold which offers an impressive bird’s eye view over Grand Central Station.In the basement you will find a 1st Class Cocktail Carriage with rich sumptuous velvet and intimate leather-lined booths create an opulent den to savour extraordinary and exotic cocktails from the richly-laden bar. Ideal for private parties and outlaws hideouts.
About Us    The Suburb Bar in Clapham Junction is a new and exciting bar and diner that has just recently opened it's doors to the general public. With a fantastic and extensive cocktail and food menu the Suburb Bar is the perfect spot for lunch, after work drinks and late night parties.Happy Hour and a half!Monday through to Friday from 17:00 to 19:30 on selected brands and cocktails!
About Us    Sway Bar London has just had a 1 million pound makeover and has now totally transformed into New York inspired restaurant, bar and nightclub.Comprising of 3 bars, a nightclub and a restaurant all under one roof Sway nightclub London is the perfect place to accommodate after work drinks, big night out, corporate events & later night parties.Set midway between Holborn and Covent Garden with a amazing features though premium draught beers, a stunning café menu plus a great range of cocktails and wines.A short walk from Holborn tube station, Sway is close to the theatres of the Strand and to Somerset House. Perfectly positioned for dinner before or after a show or for drinks after work.
About Us    Swingers LDN! a crazy golf club venue, Cocktail Dj Bar, and event space located at the foot of the Gherkin building near Liverpool Street.Inside you'll find Two bespoke nine hole crazy golf courses, Five cocktail drenched bars, Three of London’s best street-food vendors, A two story clubhouse with gin terrace and finally  Nightly DJs that keep the party going.Swingers is the perfect spot for groups of friends to enjoy an alternative night out combining a fun entertainment with good quality food and drinks.
About Us    The Sync Bar in Pinner is a karaoke / cocktail bar and restaurant where you can eat, sing and shine every day of the week! With four private karaoke rooms, comfortable seating areas, cocktail bar and dance floor makes Sync the perfect spot for early evening food and drinks to late night singing and dancing.
About Us    Tape London a members only nightclub and recording studio located on Hanover Square in Mayfair is the latest hotspot to be seen partying in London.Tape London's design and decor takes inspiration from the music scene and is a haven for music lovers, artists and musicians with a secret recording studio and members club known as Littl Tape which is available for private hire.Tape is a members only nightclub and with a very limited guestlist to non-members.
About Us    Situated just opposite Goodge Street station TCR is a relaxed bar  with comfortable seating, dark wooden tables and sofa’s.The perfect place for after works drinks, or a place to just rest your legs from shopping nearby or an evening out on the town.With its live entertainment facilities It’s a perfect place to throw a party as it can cater for large groups. Live football matches and sporting events are shown on the big screens.The kitchen serves food all day and offers up a delicious selection of pub classics, for larger bookings, parties and private functions, specialised party buffet’s and finger foods menus are available.Thursdays through to Saturdays there is a live DJ and TCR becomes more of a party venue.
About Us    Tequila Mockingbird is the newest addition to Putney's ever growing cocktail bar scene. Located right next to Putney Bridge this intimate bar is the perfect spot for after work drinks, date nights big celebrations and late night parties until 2am on the weekends.Tequila Mockingbird is set over three floors, the ground floor bar, mezzanine seating area, and our basement party room which can also be privately reserved for larger groups.The mission is simple, we aim to serve great drinks whilst trying to create a cool, relaxed but fun atmosphere, so if that sound like your kind of spot then come down and give Tequila Mockingbird in Putney a try.
About Us    Perfect for after-work or pre-dinner cocktails, small groups, large parties, or dancing the night away—the A Lounge has it all. Situated beneath Trafalgar Square, the A Lounge retains features of the original 19th century bank in its unique Vaults.On the weekends, the A Lounge comes alive with DJs playing a mix of funk, commercial, and Latin music. Our Vaults are the perfect setting for a more secluded and relaxing drink, or if you prefer to dance the night away, you can book a table directly on the dance floor. Relax with one of our signature cocktails, or celebrate with a bottle of champagne! The A Lounge’s knowledgeable staff can cater to your every need and make your night out memorable.Opening hours at The AlbannachThursday: 7pm - 1am, FREE (£15 per person minimum spend on ALL bookings)Friday: 7pm - 1am, FREE (£15 per person minimum spend on ALL bookings)Saturday: 9pm - 3am, £5 entry after 11pm, FREE with restaurant bookingSunday to Wednesday: Available for special events only.
About Us    The Aeronaut - part pub, part brewery, part circus. Entirely unlike anything you've seen before..The Aeronaut pub is themed around the early pioneers of flight, and this is evident in  the interior and exterior design.The Aeronaut is not only pushing design to the boundaries but the entertainment is as exciting as the venue, with a circus themed line up you can expect to see  amazing airborne feats of the pub’s own cabaret acrobats, burlesque and circus performers.With a huge bar area packed with comfortable furniture upon which to eat, drink, plus an incredible heated garden to do the same in the fresh air, the Aeronaut pub is turning the Acton pub experience upside down and flying it way beyond the clouds.
About Us    Wake up with a flat white, grab something from the Deli, dine at the Chefs Table or sip on skinny cocktails, The Anthologist has it all.Boasting a modern design with individual touches, The Anthologist is the perfect antidote to the city. Located on Gresham Street, this stunning all-day bar and kitchen has a few impressive additions under its roof including two cocktail lounges a deli and a basement wine cellar.
About Us    Welcome to The Aviary Bar, London's most unique drinking experience. Our late licensed bar is certainly like no other in London; individual and opulent the Aviary Bar specialises in making your night a memorable one.Located just off busy Regent Street, north of Oxford Circus, our experienced and dedicated team will serve you a choice of wine, bottled beer, champagne or cocktails so you can relax in the sociable and friendly atmosphere.The Aviary Bar has an enviable 5am license. So take your time, enjoy your drinks, the music and the ambience. Head downstairs if you fancy a faster pace - our disco dance floor is the perfect spot to let loose. For the more adventurous ones of you come along on a Wednesday night for a go at Karaoke. The Aviary Bar is the ideal place to refresh yourself, catch up with friends and have some serious fun!
About Us    Find the concealed entrance and descend the stairs into a world of hedonism and debauchery. With five themed rooms, beds, sofas and a world class sound system |the basement| is the ultimate destination to unwind, relax, and drink the night away.
About Us    The Big Chill House is a quirky DJ Bar and Events space located in Kings Cross! With large Victorian windows 4 bars, a games room, deco lounge and a cool open air roof terrace serving craft beer, delicious foods and good vibes.The Big Chill House is the perfect spot for those look for a unique club experience with popular DJ events every Friday and Saturday until 3am.The Big Chill House is also available for private hire and is available for various events.
About Us    The Blues Kitchen Camden, a live music venue, restaurant and late night bar / club serving up a tasty Texan BBQ dishes accompanied by an impressive bourbon drinks menu.Nightly entertainment includes a healthy dose of live soul and blues music, weekends take a more urban twist with DJ's dropping RnB, Soul, funk and garage.For those seeking to rediscover their soul then this is definitely the joint to check out.
About Us    The Blues Kitchen Shoreditch, a live music venue, restaurant and late night bar / club serving up a tasty Texan BBQ dishes accompanied by an impressive bourbon drinks menu.Nightly entertainment includes a healthy dose of live soul and blues music, weekends take a more urban twist with DJ's dropping RnB, Soul and vintage funk.For those seeking to rediscover their soul then this is definitely the joint to check out.
About Us    The Book Club is an all day and airy venue located in Shoreditch, in the heart of East London.The interior is spacious and stylish with exposed brickwork, wooden furniture and a lot of lamps. The basement characteristic with an unusual ceiling made with bulb lights.This two floor venue is host to workshops, talks, cultural showcases, parties, Ping Pong matches, speed dating and live bands. The Book Club is surely a place for every taste, were you can chose between a good selection of masterful cocktails and wines and a quite wide range of food.If you are looking for something out of the ordinary, where to enjoy a great time with friends or after work with colleagues, this is a place you must check - out!
About Us    The Bridge Bar is one of the latest additions to Clapham Gay party scene. Located few steps away from Clapham North tube station, this trendy cocktail bar and lounge is a perfect place to enjoy some after work drinks or to party during the weekends!The vibe is cool and the crowd is young and smart. After work cocktails and tapas as served in a friendly and chill out atmosphere, but as the night goes on the Bridge Bar fills up and, especially on weekends, famous DJs will make you dance to the latest House and Pop sounds.
About Us    The Candlemaker is one of the pearls of Battersea area. Located in Battersea High Street The Candlemaker can be reached from Clapham Junction rail station and it is a Pub worth more than one visit if you happen to be around the area.The vibe at The Candlemaker is bubbly and intimate. Lots of comfortable seats fill the place and interesting paintings make the Pub unusually colorful. Back ground music will accompany your beers and chats. A spacious garden is open all year round with cozy heated spots for the winter nights.The Candlemaker offers a great selection of beers and some good snacks or a complete lunch and dinner menu. It weekly offers live music to its guest and loads of other activities such as the Monday Pub Quiz and Wednesday games!!!!
About Us    The Grand is more than a Victorian-era listed building in London: it’s an icon of the city’s cultural legacy. Originally opened as a music hall in 1900, this 1250 capacity venue is a centre piece of London’s nightlife, boasting an electric programme of quality events ranging form club nights, live gigs to comedy, theatre shows and bingo, all set within one of the city’s most beautiful & historic venues.The Grand’s historic interior makes it the best venue in Clapham for any size of party booking for any occasion. Partying at The Grand is all about making the perfect experience for you and your friends, so whether you want to hire a VIP Box with table service, have a private area or a private bar for any size of Birthday Party or any celebration we will do everything to make sure you have an incredible experience here.
About Us    Situated in the heart of Chelsea, The Collection bar and restaurant has re-launched late September, 2011.The menu features contemporary takes on the traditional cooking of Southern European with a hint of Mediterranean influence. With a lavish redesign by Tom Dixon, an eclectic cocktail list, and three exclusive retail spaces the West London institution is set to become a refined all-day destination.
About Us    Have you ever been to Cuba? If not then don't worry as the South American style bar brings you a taste Cuba right to your doorstep.The Cuban has a modern design with Cuban inspired theme.The Cuban bar in Camden stocks over 100 different rums and brings you some of the freshest rum inspired cocktails as well as some fine mouth watering Latin food.The Cuban hosts some great parties with live DJ's playing the very best in Cuban, Latin American and current party anthems and also hosts Rumba and Salsa nights along side some Live music.This Cuban is a great addition to the Camden bar scene and is quickly becoming a popular spot.
About Us    A sanctuary in the heart of the City, The Drift brims with quirky collectables, hidden alcoves, a mixology table, a fine dining nook and a secluded cabana with a captivating view of Europe’s largest private aquarium. Sip on a range of well-crafted cocktails from well-loved classics to calorie-counted ‘skinnies’.A breath of fresh of air in the City, The Drift stamps out all stereotypes of city drinking and bars, the bar space is bright, airy and a destination for any day or night of the week in London.
About Us    Drury Club a new age members club offers more than a night out but a lifestyle to aspire to. Located in the heart of Covent Garden in the centre of London's "Theatre Land" the Dury Club combines New York Speakeasy with a twist of "turn of the century" Paris. A fashionable night spot the Drury Club Attracts an eclectic mix and an elite party crowd.Open Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays from 10:30pm -3:00am guests can expect an unforgettable and unexpected experience of crashing the ultimate house party.The Drury Club Is also available Monday To Sunday For private hire to both members and non-members.
About Us    Since it opened in 2003, the Elk Bar has become a prominent spot on the trendy Fulham Broadway. A mix of bar and pub, the venue attracts a fun-loving, affluent crowd who regularly snake round the block to revel in the reliable party atmosphere.Among its many attributes are an award winning Beer Garden serving a gourmet BBQ throughout the summer, an ambient atmosphere with comfortable varied seating and a reputation for attentive staff and customer care all of which have developed the Elk into one of the most consistently successful bars in London.
About Us    Inspired by the fantasy world of fairy tales, the fabulous fables of Aesop & our spellbinding adventures around the globe, The Fable is a bar & restaurant out of the ordinary. Inventive, innovative & enchanting, where every detail tells a story.A range of carefully curated spaces - from a cheese and wine room hideaway alcoves, a florist and mixology tables - have been individually tailored to fit any requirement, any time of the day.A creative food and cocktail menu will cater for breakfast, brunch, lunch, afternoon tea, post-work and dinner, whilst bespoke events and masterclasses, customised experiences, pop-ups and quirky collaborations will offer something unique & out of the ordinary.
About Us    The Fence is a fine bar and restaurant located within seconds from Farringdon tube station. The Fence is usually described by an inner city Oasis due to its wide outside area. Nicely refined and with plants covering the perimeter, at the Fence you will forget the stress of the city.The Fence is quite a popular spot in Farringdon, the atmosphere is bubbly and filled with chatters both in lunch and dinner-after work hours. It is a notorious place to go and chill-out after a busy day at work.Apart from dining and chilling, lately the Fence invite people to come on Fridays and Saturday when live DJs are playing a selection of classics and latest sounds.Perfect for celebrating birthday, Christmas and any kind of occasion! At the Fence you are sure to have a pleasant and enjoyable time!
About Us    Escape to the folly & immerse yourself in a world of wonder & relax in this botanically inspired haven.Wander through our garden lounge & flower shop, swing by the hanging chairs or simply dine at the chef’s table. A sanctuary of calm, our unique private dining room, deli, & collection of private vaults make the perfect retreat for entertaining friends.Open for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner & drinks, the folly can meet your needs any time of the day. quirky cocktails & a wide selection of wines sit alongside a carefully crafted seasonal menu, whilst music & a late license until the early hours on Thursday & Friday make the folly the perfect place to start & end the party.
About Us    The Gable is a readily available venue for the inhabitants and works in and around Moorgate. However, The Gable is still worth the travel for those of us who appreciate top class services in a distinguished and well adorned setting. With a decor and ambiance to suite a variety of tastes.The Gable distinguishes itself through the bar centre piece. Nearly 6m long this outstanding piece is vital to the good atmosphere and vibe of The Gable. With a impressive selection of whites, reds and sparkling, The Gable bar proposes to treat its guest to a world wide variety. You can find everything here, from the sober full body to the more aromatic fruity flavoured wines. Visit The Gable, and besides the delicious wines you can unwind to mouthwatering sea food specialities. To shake off all that food and wine engage in a sport game on the available Nintendo Wii. Book your place now!
About Us    This large, spacious bar tucked away close to London Wall and Tower 42 is an ideal setting for office parties or business meetings. Its striking combination of industrial edginess and sophisticated, refined City décor works surprisingly well.The Gallery does a mighty fine Champagne breakfast, and at lunchtime there’s a full restaurant menu to satisfy the hungriest of workers. They serve some exemplary starters and mains prepared with the freshest ingredients – and the sharing platters do a great job of tiding you over after hours.
About Us    The Gate is the place to see and be seen for a chic, gorgeous, cosmopolitan party crowd. Located in London’s über-hip Notting Hill, the Gate offers a night of quality dining, chilled lounge atmosphere and all-night dancing.
About Us    The Happenstance is a spacious cocktail bar and restaurant, situated in the heart of the City. The exciting and colourful venue breaks the mould of usual City bars by offering unique and unusual cocktails and food.Immerse yourself in a world of curiously good times & happy coincidences at the happenstance. sultry & stylish, it’s sure to be a welcome edition to your little black book. floor-to-ceiling windows frame views of London’s most iconic landmark, St Paul’s, whilst our sophisticated interior encompasses a striking bar & dining area, glamorous subterranean private dining room, deli, mixology table & florist.The Happenstance bar is open all-day, seven days a week, stop by for a drink in the bar & explore the extensive wine list or sample the killer cocktails. feeling peckish? work your way through the carefully crafted menu of seasonal & locally sourced cuisine, from breakfast, brunch & lunch right through to dinner & late night bites.
About Us    We really like drink. Not in a bad way, mind. Quality rather than quantity. We love cocktails, especially the history of the classics; the bar has a small library of books on the subject dating back as far as the 1890s which you can browse if interested.We also love wine – our friends at the Wine & Spirit Education Trust know as much as anyone on the subject and have helped us put together what we think is a great value, pretty diverse and interesting selection of wines.Then there is beer – sometimes the only right option. There are a huge range of different beer styles and flavours out there and we have attempted to reflect some of those on our list of bottled beers, and in the selection of our main tap suppliers the Meantime Brewery from down the road in Greenwich.And of course not all spirits need to go in cocktails – we have a selection of rum, whisk(e)y, tequila, cognac, liqueurs etc which are fantastic just served on their own. That is pretty much what we are about. You don’t have to know the detailed history of everything you drink (though we will tell you if you have the time) but you do have to know that everything we have on our menu is the best we can find.
About Us    The Hoxton Seven is located in the Hoxton triangle on Great Eastern Street, near Shoreditch. It can be described as a bar and American diner but it has a lot more to offer.The Hoxton Seven offers a great menu of quite authentic Pizzas and on the grill meals. Its main attraction are although the cocktail and drinks list. During the happy hour time (12pm to 8:30pm) you can get 2 delicious Cocktails for £10 and 4 Beers for £10!!The Hoxton Seven is an open and airy, relaxing space. With three floor storeys there is plenty of seats to enjoy a chat and some music or even to have a dance. A small sitting area is also available outdoor. This is surely the place to grab a bite for lunch and a perfect location for after work drinks.
About Us    The Jones Family project is a bar and restaurant located in Shoredich, Great Easter Street.The venue was set up by a group of friends that wanted to create a place where guests could share their passion for food and drinks with their friends, colleagues or family. The Jones Family Project is divided in two carefully furnished floors. Part of the ground floor is reserved for the bar and during daytime it is possible to use it as a work-play space.The food quality is good due especially to the freshness and quality of the ingredients. At The Jones Family Project guest will also find a great selection of wines by the glass.
About Us    The Last Bar is located in the heart of the City of London close to Chancery Lane, Farringdon and Blackfriars stations. As the majority of the other City venues it is closed on the weekend (Sat-Sun).The Last Bar atmosphere is very spacious and airy, thanks to the floor to ceiling glass walls that enable you take in a spectacular view of the city. The Last appears quiet from the outside but the atmosphere within is actually filled with chatter and laughter.During the week you can enjoy gourmet, freshly made and seasonal lunches, all of which accompanied by first-quality cocktails and selected wines.The Last Bar can get very crowded on Thursday and Fridays when brilliant DJs play Commercial, Electric, Pop, R & B, Rock and Soul.The Last is the bar you must visit if you are working or just buzzing around The City.
About Us    The Lockhart Bar and restaurant is located in the heat of Marylebone, in Seymour Place, close to Marble Arch tube station.The décor is Southern American style, with airy and high roof locals and white painted walls. The wooden tables and chairs and the tableware recalls the Southern States manor houses.At The Lockhart traditional and authentic US cosine is delivered by the Mississippi’s chef Brad McDonald and a great selection of Bourbon, Tequila and Mezcal is available.
About Us    The London Cocktail Club of Shoreditch is the latest add to The London Cocktail Club venues. Close to Bethnal Green Rd, Shoreditch High St and Brick Lane this “Motor City” style cocktail bar is a must to visit if you happened to be in the area.This two floor venue ( ground floor and basement: “the Workshop”) wants to be innovative and unique, with appositively design murals, biker hell inspired, and Motor style leather sofa and couches.The cocktail list is created in order to mix tradition and innovative concoctions and at the biker themed bar guest can find an extraordinary selection of American Whiskey!If you enjoyed the other London Cocktail Club venues, this is a place you need to check out!!!
About Us    The Long Acre Bar located nearer the Leicester Square end of Covent Garden is a new late night party bar where you can dine, drink and dance under one roof.The Long Acre kitchen dishes up a delicious menu comprising of light bar snacks and appetisers to a full on menu which can be enjoyed in one of there many dining areas.The bar is fully stocked and offers a full a range of spirits, beers, wines and cocktails.As the evening draws close The Long Acre nightclub becomes a lot more lively with live DJ's playing the very best in commercial chart and party anthems.
About Us    The Lonsdale Bar is located in a quiet street of exclusive Notting Hill, away from prying eyes, lies a secret treasure: the Lonsdale cocktail bar and dining room.The Lonsdale is considered to be one of the world's top 20 bars according to Drinks International. It is not only our award-winning bar upon which we pride ourselves however, but also our mouthwatering food menu. In short, The Lonsdale is an intoxicating cocktail of glamour and sophistication.Exclusive yet relaxed, The Lonsdale has established itself as one of London's hottest hangouts. While the über chic bar and lounge areas buzz, the laidback ambience of the restaurant creates the perfect balance for any occasion.The luxurious, stylish décor coupled with a great soundtrack seeping through every room evokes a relaxing yet lively atmosphere bringing in a mixed crowd; locals and tourists, young professionals and older sophisticated diners. DJs brighten up prime evenings with groovy music in the way of R&B, hip hop, reggae, dance, and pop music- but nothing too cheesy. There isn’t really a dance floor but spontaneous bursts of wiggling and swaying often makes its way into the joyous party scene anyways. If there is space that is, as this bar is usually pretty full and vivid enough with chit chatter, mingling and mixology magic in action.If you really want the Lonsdale Bar experience, come and meet us in person.
About Us    The Luck Pig, a small, seductive drinkers' paradise,  refined in the art of self-indulgence with the love for craft beer, cocktails, wholesome honest food and having a roaring good time.Showcasing London's finest musical talent, with regular live music throughout the week and weekend DJ sets, we are sure to get you swinging into the party mood.
About Us    Far from the City chaos, the Luggage Room is stylish cocktail bar located in Grosvenor Square in the heart of Mayfair, just a little walk from Marble Arch tube station.The Luggage Room is intimate and refined, the perfect place for a date or to chat with friends until late at night. The style recalls the ’20 spirit with marble flooring, wooden paneled walls and dated luggage stamped on the walls as art deco.The fine liquor displays and handmade wine cabinet can give you the idea of the outstanding cocktail and wine list. The bar tenders are extremely skilled and creative, so place yourself in their hands and be prepared to taste something incredible and unique that will make you go back to the Golden Age flavors and traditions.
About Us    The Met Bar is among the best bar in Mayfair area. Located in Old Park Lane, in between Green Park, Buckingham Palace Gardens and the south-eastern corner of Hyde Park.The atmosphere is elegant and sophisticated with back-painted glass tables and floor to ceiling glass wall. During the week The Met Bar plays live acoustic, while in the weekends the vibe is more party-chic with resident DJs playing the party until the early hours.The Met Bar is an exclusive bar with a great selection of cocktails, artfully made by expert bartenders, and a superb lunch and dinner food menu.It is the perfect place to go with colleagues after work every night of the week, and why not, to spend all the night partying and chatting in this classy and intimate secret of London.
About Us    The Nest, Dalston’s premiere weekend destination venue with its  intimate setting plays host to some of dance music’s biggest names.The Nest’s basement brickwork, it’s the intimate dance floor and a soundtrack that covers everything from House to Disco to Techno to Trap; the nest can accommodate you and your friends - whatever the celebration.
About Us    The O Bar has been a Soho landmark for 10 years. Its central location makes it the perfect choice for after-work drinks. It's an incredibly stylish venue set over 3 floors .The O Bar is a fashionable place to relax and offers a chance to let your hair down after a few delicious cocktails. If you have the patience to stand the queues and surly staff, then this is a cool place to spend a night.
About Us    The Old Queens Head, a lively DJ bar and party venue located in the heart of Angel is the place if you're looking for lively party atmosphere.Plush sofa's and low tables, good music and affordable drinks makes The Old Queens Head a favourite with local party goers.
About Us    This historic and beautiful 'gastro pub' offers an impressive menu from head chef Maxime le Van and an extensive selection of wines, beers, cocktails and spirits. It also boasts a gorgeous outdoor terrace for al fresco dining. Upstairs, the bohemian rooms have the atmosphere of a house party, expect anything from comedy to live music and burlesque shows. They are also available to hire for private parties.
About Us    The Parlour is a quirky cocktail bar and restaurant the can be found in the park pavilion on Canada Square in Canary Wharf.An all-day bar with quirky style substance & seasonally tempting food. a secret garden-inspired lounge with timber panelling is a must for cocktail lovers & perfect for pre- or post-dinner drinks, whilst a mixology table is ideal for those who want to mix & muddle for themselves. a stunning alfresco terrace, complete with its own bar provides the perfect playpen for those wanting to soak up the sun.Open for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner & drinks, the parlour can meet your needs any time of the day. Quirky cocktails & a wide selection of wines sit alongside a carefully crafted seasonal menu, whilst music & a late license until the early hours on Thursdays & Fridays make the parlour the perfect place to start & end the party.
About Us    Music, pool, pinball, darts, hot chicks, bums, punks, hipsters, bohemians, rockabilly greasers and regular joes. Passers by and stereotypes kicking back away from the madding crowds. Always expect the unexpected.
About Us    The Refinery Bar is cool and a sultry cocktail bar located in the landmark Blue Fin on Southwark Street.The refinery is a must for cocktail lovers & perfect for pre- or post- dinner drinks, whilst a mixology table is ideal for those who want to mix & muddle for themselves. a stunning al fresco terrace with deck chairs provides the perfect playpen for those wanting to soak up the sun.The Refinery Bar is open for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner & drinks, the refinery can meet your needs any time of the day.Quirky cocktails & a wide selection of wines sit alongside a carefully crafted seasonal menu, whilst music & a late license until the early hours on Thursday & Friday make the refinery the perfect place to start & end the party.
About Us    The Roxy  is a drinking and partying institution in the heart of the West End. Come early evening for relaxing drinks in a cocktail and lounge bar setting with New York style exposed brickwork, a beautiful back-drop bar and plenty of seating for those early evening drinkers.For those seeking evening refreshment, The Roxy offers an interesting alternative for drinking in the West End. An urbane, subterranean refuge from the crowded streets above with fantastic drink deals and a perfect place to hang out with friends or work colleagues. Then later, as will always be the case, The Roxy effortlessly transforms into a late night revellers club. Attracting students, tourists, aftershow parties, and post pub carry on's from all over the city.Having recently undergone a stunning interior make-over, The Roxy is the perfect setting for that quick bottle of wine before you embark upon the commute home or the ideal spot for an office gathering or party celebration - or simply one of the finest spots in Central London to throw your cares to the side, dance your legs away until the small hours and find your full stop on a night to remember.
About Us    The Rum Kitchen in Notting Hill is a Caribbean inspired beach shack restaurant and cocktail bar.The vibrant spirit of the West Indies runs deep with over 100 varieties of rum to choose from and the kitchen serving authentic  Caribbean cuisine with a modern take.Hidden in the cellar is an exciting bar and lounge with Live DJ's on the weekends.The beats are supplied by DJ Fast from the Fun Loving Criminals and the Reggae Roast, so expect to hear everything from Reggae to Latin & Calypso to Afro Funk!!
About Us    The Secret Garden Pub in Battersea is a modern day narnia. The Beer garden is one of the best in London and is an enchanting and lively space that will keep you coming back for more. Upon entering this  London pub you will feel like you have been missing out for years, this is the secret pub in London that you have been waiting for. Forget the trendy gastro pubs of London, this is a traditional London pub with a strong art and musical influence.  The Secret Garden Pub plays host to fantastic live music throughout the week, ranging from beautiful acoustica on Wednesdays, blues and swing trios on Thursdays, to full tilt festival bands smashing the dancefloor with with reggae, ska, funk, gypsy, swing and more, topped of with proper festie DJs til late at the weekends. Come here for a sunday roast or sample the restuarant quality menu, where the portions are huge and ingredidents fresh and well presented. This pub will become your friendly local that you can't keep away from, come and discover The Secret Garden Pub of Battersea. It's fast becoming a regular venue for VERY happy birthday gatherings.... The only pub that provides hot water bottles for those who wish to sit out in the garden!
About Us    It takes a bit of effort to locate this club, housed in the former Last Day of Decadence bar: there's no sign, nothing that shouts about the bar's presence. But it's worth searching out because this place is pretty damn cool. Upstairs there's a chic, small space with cosy seating and flowers on the tables, while downstairs is less quirky, but both floors boast room for a DJ and band. The musical line up is excitingly eclectic, ditto the crowd this place attracts.
About Us    The Silver Bullet is located opposite Finsbury Park Tube station. They host regular club nights and live music events from a wide range of genres including acoustic, folk, electro, indie and rock.
About Us    The Slug at Wimbledon is a popular South African sports bar and drinking spot for those who are looking for a great venue to sink few drinks whilst watching their favourite sports or for those looking for a big night out.Split over two floors with lots of space, comfortable seating, large screens and full kitchen which dishes up good honest food makes the Slug at Wimbledon a popular choice.
About Us    The Social opened in Little Portland Street in 1990 is an award winning London institution, and is still run by the same team who created it.It is one of the few places that entertain London 6 days a week with a range of events that goes from Hip Hop Karaoke and spinning DJs to interviews to writers and broadcasters.In daytime The Social offers a cafe and shared workspace with free wifi, juices, teas, cakes and snacks. At nighttime it transforms itself and opens the access to its basement club space where you can find special guest DJs playing everything from vintage to brand new garage, Rock n Roll, funk, RnB and Hip Hop.With is retro wooden interior and leather seats it recalls a fifties dinner, but surely more comfortable and intimate. The Social is the place you want to go for a drink with some friends, and why not, to Socialize there.
About Us    At Southsider Cocktail Club we take our drinks seriously, not ourselves. We bring you a new neighbourhood hang-out where you can enjoy a menu of innovative cocktails that have all be created in-house and use only the freshest ingredients – with a few homemade infusions thrown in for good measure!Cosy booths, exposed brick and graphics from one of London’s leading underground street artists make this an homage to the art of New York drinking. So if you’re looking for a place where the bar staff remember your name and, more importantly, how you like your drinks mixed then head along to Southsider Cocktail Club.Who needs to trek into Central London to find a great cocktail bar when there’s now one right on your doorstep? Come on in, we are ready and waiting!
About Us    Since bursting into the London Bar scene a few years ago, Sugar Cane has become a premier party venue for people looking for a great evening out in the Clapham/Battersea area. If you are looking to organise your Birthday Party, Hen Night or Stag Do, or even your Office Party, then Sugar Cane is the perfect place for you.So come down and experience the 'Aloha' vibe, our sharing drinks and food - whatever you do just remember to bring some 'love' with you!
About Us    The Toy Shop bar in Putney is uniquely themed venue and is quickly becoming a local favourite coolest and quirky bar.The Toy Shop bar is a fun time party bar and is open till 2am on the weekends with the resident DJ's playing the very best is party mash ups and oldskool retro classics.Serving up a unique selection of cocktails with a really interesting food menu.This is an excellent venue for all occasions whether you pop in for a quirky cocktail or stay for the party, The Toy Shop has it covered.
About Us    The Village is one of the oldest Bar and Club of Soho. This trendy three store venue has been completely refreshed and is now popular as in its most glorious days.The vibe is fresh and bubbly and it attracts quite a mixed crowd. Every floor at The Village has its own style and different music is played. The ground-floor is spacious and visitors can sit in and have dinner,  the upstairs floor in styled more as a lounge:  relaxed and airy with a great view on Old Compton Street. The atmosphere changes if you descend the stairs that gives to the underground basement, where DJs performs lively almost every night making the crowd go crazy under the most recent Commercial house and Pop sounds!!The Village is surely a place that can fit everyone and you should really check it out if planning to have a night out in Soho.
About Us    Inspired by the down town chic of Soho New York, The Viper Rooms in Kingston is a late night nightclub which features 3 rooms and a stunning terrace over-looking the river Thames.Each room is is uniquely designed with a modern, contemporary style and decor with VIP Tables and Luxury Booths and spacious dance floor creating a relaxed, unpretentious and fun atmosphere.The venue’s lounge and terrace provides customers with spectacular views of the River Thames where they can enjoy cocktails & mocktails chosen from the extensive freshly made range on offer.Open 3pm to 3am, The Viper Rooms is the perfect destination for after work drinks with 2-for-1 offers on all drinks before 9pm every night.
About Us    Escape the West End and head for The Warwick and surround yourself in laid back ambience.Not trying to be to cool The Warwick focuses on what it does best, great food, friendly staff and vibrant atmosphere.The Warwick is a great spot for lunch, dinner or a casual place to go with friends.The Warwick gets lively after 8pm with dancing continuing long into the night.
About Us    Busy 6 days a week, Thirst bar is a late night music and cocktail bar. Great cocktails, great music and a great atmosphere is assured at Thirst. Thirst successfully combines a sense of casual coolness with a fun party atmosphere in the heart of Soho's party district; the more relaxed upstairs area draws in an after-work crowd before the lower ground club and its DJ lulls them onto the dance floor. The small space of the bar is always fairly full, and on weekends you can expect to fight for space to dance the night away until the early hours. The staff join in the party, which adds to the atmosphere of everyone simply out for a good time. For the music expect to hear commercial chart hits and dance/house tracks as well as a few old school classics.Book a table in the upstairs bar or get guestlist, using the booking buttons above, to guarantee entry as Thirst can get very busy on the weekends!
About Us    Tiger Tiger London, located in the Leicester Square and in the heart of the Westend is the ultimate party venue; where you can ‘Eat, Drink, Party’ all under one roof.Inside the 1000+ capacity venue you’ll find 6 themed rooms! the famous Tiger Bar, intimate Luxe Nightclub, Opal Bar, funky Groovy Wonderland, and exclusive Cloud Lounge.The restaurant provides a reasonably priced menu with  cuisine inspired from around the world, ranging from light bites and snacks, lunch and a full dinner and dessert menu and is a great starting point for the evening.Live DJ's plus a 50% off Happy Hour makes Tiger Tiger a great spot for a night out.
About Us    Tonteria is the Mexican tapas bar and nightspot on Sloane Square.Upon entering Tonteria you will feel like you have been transported into a hacienda in the heart of Jalisco, Mexico.Tonteria has an actual train on the ceiling that delivers tequila shots to your table, incredibly creative sharing cocktails and one of the best tequila selections in the world.From five thirty to ten thirty guests can enjoy Mexican tapas dishes and delicious tequila cocktails in relaxing booths.From ten thirty in the evening the ambiance is built up as the resident DJ turns up the music and Tonteria turns into a night spot with dancing.The emphasis of Tonteria is on fun! Be ready to be surprised.All aboard the Tonteria Express!
About Us    The Toy Room Club located on Swallow Street just off Regent Street in London is said to provide a unique Hip Hop and R&B experience to the London’s elite clubbers.The Toy Room was born from the partnership of some of the biggest names in London’s nightclub scene such as Project London and Chakana. Add a hint of Italian touch and the small but intimate club stands out and exudes exclusiveness and luxury.This new venue targets London’s most glamorous Hip Hop, RnB party-lovers, promising to give an elite clubbing experience were transgression is embedded in the club symbol "Frank the Teddy".If you can manage to pass the strict door selection be sure this is going to be THE night you will remember.
About Us    Located on the trendy and buzzing Portobello Road in Notting Hill is where you will find the laid back and chilled cocktail bar and lounge known to the locals as Trailer Happiness. This 60's Califirnian tiki beach bar themed venue is the perfect spot for those who like to enjoy fantastic cocktails and old skool hip hop, reggae, and mashups.
About Us    Translate Bar is a brick-walled relaxed and friendly cocktail bar underneath the Dictionary Hostel at the centre of Shoreditch's bar scene, serving up the great food, drinks, the best tunes in the east end is the perfect spot to chill for a daytime coffee.. a pint after work with colleagues...a cocktail on a nightout with friends...Translate is there for you whatever the occasion!When the night falls the lights go down and the music up with DJ's and live bands smashing out the tunes till early hours of the morning.Great venue, great team and delicious food and drinks makes the Translate Bar Shoreditch worth checking out!
About Us    Trapeze is a cool circus inspired bar and nightclub, located near Old Street in Shoreditch.The ground floor cocktail bar produces great tasting cocktails and food, whilst downstairs in the basement club expect the finest events, DJ's and club night!!Trapeze hosts events every night of the week, ranging from quiz nights, live gigs and DJ nights which attracts a mixed party crowd.
About Us    Twisted Monkey, is a cafe, pan asian restaurant, bar and nightclub situated on the newly refurbished parade in Watford town centre a perfect spot for afternoon coffee, early evening cocktails or a late night party VIP style!With for 2-4-1 cocktails during happy hour 5pm-9pm Monday - Friday and daily events makes the Twisted Monkey a great spot for early evening drinks and late night parties!The most anticipated venue to open in Hertfordshire, whether you're thinking afternoon coffee, early evening cocktails or a late night party VIP style Twisted Monkey has it all....Situated in the café quarter of Watford's newly refurbished parade we are open Monday to Saturday from 12pm serving authentic Italian coffee, cocktails, wines & beers along with a mouth-watering selection of Pan Asian street food to tempt your tastebuds!
About Us    Vinyl Bar is a 60's retro chic themed bar located on Hanway Street in Soho. The décor is styled on the iconic 60's era with the main bar made with a mini motor car and images of 60's legends from the world of music, film & fashion and lava lamp style lighting effects all make Vinyl the perfect place to unwind.
About Us    Viva Nightclub in Richmond is a late night party destination open every Thursday, Friday and Saturday from 10pm till 2am, With its stylish, elegant interior and welcoming atmosphere makes Viva the perfect spot for late night drinks and parties in Richmond.Private hires are available throughout the week.
About Us    Voltaire is located in London’s Square Mile and the new haunt for champagne drinkers and cigar lovers.Built on the foundations of Bridewell Palace, the venue’s interior is inspired by its regal history and the inherited architecture. The grade II listed building features old stone vaults that kept prisoners under lock and key, and later housed the treasures of a Bank that was built in its place. Fast-forward to the present day and the vaults have been transformed into luxury private VIP zones complete with personal waiter and available to reserve.Serving an innovative selection of cocktails, wines and spirits, the service is vibrant, lead by a team who are truly ‘in the know’. The bar’s exclusive collection of champagne and cigars are setting a new precedence for London’s social scene.Voltaire is conquering the ordinary with an extraordinary venue, are you ready to be seduced?
About Us    Warehouse LDN is located within the industrial, atmospheric surroundings of Hastingswood Trading Estate. Occupying a warehouse unit, our stripped back charm and focus on state of the art light and sound, has earned us many loyal followers.We understand the fundamental ingredients of a good club - with us, you've got a majestic Funktion One rig, specifically tailored for the space, alongside a truly awe-inspiring high-end lighting system. Pair all that with cutting-edge design which incorporates imposing steelwork and exposed brick and you get Warehouse LDN.
About Us    Situated just of Piccadilly Circus is Werewolf, an exclusive nightclub, theatre and art gallery all at once, Werewolf is located at the former Pigalle club in the heart of the West End.Werewolf Club will play host  various club nights and events midweek and weekends.With a strong focus on delivering impeccable standards of service, Werewolf is a true asset to the West End that catches the eye of Londoner and tourist alike.
About Us    The White Rabbit Cocktail Club on Stoke Newington Church Street is a unique cocktail bar and club.Taking inspiration from Carroll's 'Alice in Wonderland' books it showcases a cocktail bar hosting exhibitions on the ground floor and ‘The Rabbit Hole', a basement bar, hosting music nights, private parties and theatre.White Rabbit serves fabulous classic & speciality cocktails and a range of draught and bottled beers, wines and spirits, which you can sample in our relaxed, comfortable lounge, open 6 days a week for art events, music nights and more.The basement, The Rabbit Hole, hosts regular events such as BLANC and Two Step: playing the freshest House, Hip Hop and R&B tunes .The basement is also available for your own private party.Tables and areas can be reserved in the cocktail lounge, free of charge throughout the week, and, whatever the celebration,  our weekend resident DJs will entertain all night long.
About Us    XOXO Bar is a brand new cocktail bar and restaurant opened in the heart of Islington, offering an exotic selection of unique cocktails and delicious Thai food.Upper Street can be seen as Angel's hub of excellent bars, clubs and restaurants, and XOXO's Bar arrival is definitely a breath of fresh air. Perfect for a few cheeky cocktails during their happy hour, a romantic evening meal or even some drinks after work, you must make sure you take a visit to XOXO Bar.
About Us    Located in  Shoreditch, XOYO club is split over two floors (the top being sister-bar The Shoreditch Butchery). Featuring an impressive sound system the XOYO club has become a popular late-night destination for the shoreditch clubbing crowd .Outside of the club’s relentless weekend diary, XOYO showcases a fresh and on-point calendar of live music.See you on the dancefloor.
About Us    An oasis of seduction in the City – a unique hidden gem that is truly one of a kind. Professional, comfortable, embracing and friendly, Yager Bar is where good food and drink meets excellent service in a great environment.Combining extraordinary décor with an unbeatable sound system, we offer a stylish but laid back slice of modern City living.Situated in London's world-famous Square Mile, Yager boasts two bars over two floors, the best sound system in the City and party packages to suit all tastes. You are absolutely guaranteed to have the very best party in Town!We can accommodate for up to 500 guests, seven days a week. Whether it is a corporate or private party, our team will be there to tend to your every need from start to finish.Join us at Yager Bar London, for time out with a twist!
About Us    Zahra Bar is the newest hot spot in Clapham's vibrant nightlife. Del'Aziz opened Zahra, in it's basement and it is an ideal place for Zahra's ambient lighting and Middle-Eastern interior. The interior is quite exciting yet relaxing,  making it great for after-work drinks. Try their Moroccan wine with a Mezze plate of your choice. Their cocktails are unique and all have a little cool twist to them, such as Del'ight,  a combination of Hennessey Cognac with cigar syrup and chartreuse (£8.00). Their wide range of unique cocktails and interior which reminds one of the Arabian Nights and Aladdin, makes this basement bar a guarantee for a good girls night out. Zahra also has live entertaiment, such as the exoctic belly dancing, jazz and for mingling, drinking and dancing they have a DJ on weekends. Zahra is idyllic for everything kind of evening and night.
About Us    Zebrano Carnaby, a popular cocktail bar and club located on Ganton Street just of the fashionable Carnaby Street in Soho.Spread over two floors, each with it's own unique look and feel makes this is a great spot for after work drinks and late night parties.With a fully stocked bar and an impressive range of spirits and cocktails, you won't go thirsty here.The music line up is bought to you by resident DJ's and Bands dropping the popular tracks from past to present.Bookings and guestlists are highly recommended on the weekends, but walk ins are also welcome.
About Us    Zebrano Soho, a popular cocktail bar and club located on Greek Street.Spread over three floors, each with there own unique look and feel this is a great spot for after work drinks and late night parties.With a fully stocked bar and an impressive range of spirits and cocktails, you won't go thirsty here.The music line up is bought to you by resident DJ's and Bands dropping the popular tracks from past to present.Bookings and guestlists are highly recommended on the weekends, but walk ins are also welcome.
About Us    Zenna is London's first luxury Indian themed cocktail bar and DJ bar on the weekends and is home to both the Illiana (the world's spiciest cocktail), and the first ever alcoholic lassi menu. All of the cocktails were designed in-house by expert mixologist and bar manager, Dan Thomson. Locate our subtle entrance, in the heart of bustling Soho on Dean Street, and descend steps lined with bronze water vessels of floating flowers and twinkling candles into the bar. Decorated with azure blue walls, soft leather and Oriental rugs, Zenna is perfect for post-work cocktails or late night drinks. Guests can order from the unique cocktail menu using cardamom, lemongrass and sweet spices among other ingredients. Gourmet bar snacks are created to complement the drinks menu and are cooked to order from The Red Fort kitchen.
About Us    Zigfrid wanted to create spaces that punks, artists, musicians, IT people and all around cool heads and free thinkers could inhabit. He focused on Hoxton Square and linked up with some of the Goldsmiths graduates who had a studio there. They were Paul Daly. Garry Hume, Sarah Lucas, Richard Patterson - all young punks. Ziggy and Daly struck up a friendship and decided to open a space that brings together people of all ages. Zigfrid von Underbelly was born: a home from home eating, drinking and thinking establishment aimed at people who believe "free your mind and your ass will follow". At the moment nobody knows where Ziggy is and as usual he is running things from the shadows and tall trees. He's back at the heart of the Berlin electronic music scene I bet. Shoreditch clubbing, dining and drinking can all be enjoyed at Zigfrid in a wonderful, quirky and completely sensical non-sensical mish mash of interiors. One of the best London late night DJ bars without a doubt!
About Us    This funky Islington bar on the upper end of Upper Street has an appealingly laid-back vibe. Divided into two spaces, a chilled and slightly retro back bar, with comfy leather sofas and old movies projected on the walls, and an attractive dining area, Zilouf’s is warm and informal, a great place to unwind with a cocktail (the head barman hails from Opal in Einburgh). Their super sweet Bonbon made with butterscotch liqueur and Limoncello is a real treat but they’re also comfortable with the classics. The food is also well worth exploring and they serve an interesting menu of pan-Asian dishes. On weeknights the place has a cool jazzy vibe though it gets louder and (much, much) busier on weekends when the DJ plays a mixture of soul, disco and house.Opening timesMon - Thur: 5 - 12pmFri: 5pm - 2amSat: 10am - 2amSun: 10am - 12pm
About Us    This month saw the Launch of Zinc Club at the Paramount on New Oxford Street.Zinc Club at the Paramount is open from 10pm every Friday and Saturday NightThe resident DJ's at the Zinc Club will have you and your friends partying till the early hours of the morning, playing the very best in commercial Chart / RnB / HipHop / House and party anthems.At the Zinc Club at the Paramount there are so many reasons to celebrate. Whether it's casual after work drinks, Extravagant Birthday Parties or just because you need an excuse to get together with friends – we have a package to suit your needs. Our dedicated party planners are available to help make your celebration perfect – whatever your heart's desire!Special VIP and celebrations packages are available for those who are looking to add a little more glamour to their night at the Zinc Club.For more information on VIP packages and tables at the Zinc Club please call 0203 2821520Zinc Club can get very busy so please reserve your space by getting on the guestlist or by booking a table in advance.Ensure you don’t miss out join the guest list now
About Us    This Leicester Square hotspot offers one of the liveliest nights out in town and makes a cracking venue for any type of event or celebration.Open until 3am, with the liveliest, biggest and best party in town, Zoo Bar has a great range of cocktails, premium beers and spirits to set you up for a fantastic night out.
